VALUE INVESTING
and

BEHAVIORAL
FINANCE
Insights into Indian Stock
Market Realities

VALUE INVESTING
and
BEHAVIORAL
FINANCE
Insights into Indian Stock
Market Realities

Parag Parikh
Chairman
Parag Parikh Financial Advisory Services Ltd., Mumbai

Tata McGraw-Hill Publishing Company Limited
NEW DELHI
McGraw-Hill Offices
New Delhi New York St Louis San Francisco Auckland Bogotá Caracas
Kuala Lumpur Lisbon London Madrid Mexico City Milan Montreal
San Juan Santiago Singapore Sydney Tokyo Toronto

Tata McGraw-Hill
Published by Tata McGraw-Hill Publishing Company Limited,
7 West Patel Nagar, New Delhi 110 008
Copyright © 2009, by Tata McGraw-Hill Publishing Company Limited.
No part of this publication may be reproduced or distributed in any form or by any means,
electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise or stored in a database or
retrieval system without the prior written permission of the publishers. The program listings
(if any) may be entered, stored and executed in a computer system, but they may not be
reproduced for publication.
This edition can be exported from India only by the publishers,
Tata McGraw-Hill Publishing Company Limited.
ISBN 13: 978-0-07-007763-8
ISBN 10: 0-07-007763-0
Managing Director: Ajay Shukla
Head—Professional and Healthcare: Roystan La’Porte
Publishing Manager—Professional: R Chandra Sekhar
Junior Sponsoring Editor—BGR: Dipankar Das
Production Executive: Rita Sarkar
Manager—Sales and Marketing: S Girish
Controller—Production: Rajender P Ghansela
Asst. General Manager—Production: B L Dogra
Information contained in this work has been obtained by Tata McGraw-Hill, from
sources believed to be reliable. However, neither Tata McGraw-Hill nor its authors
guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any information published herein, and neither
Tata McGraw-Hill nor its authors shall be responsible for any errors, omissions, or
damages arising out of use of this information. This work is published with the
understanding that Tata McGraw-Hill and its authors are supplying information but
are not attempting to render engineering or other professional services. If such services
are required, the assistance of an appropriate professional should be sought.
Typeset at Bukprint India, B-180A, Guru Nanak Pura, Laxmi Nagar, Delhi 110 092 and
printed at Gopsons Papers Ltd., A-2 and 3, Sector 64, NOIDA-201 301
Cover: Kapil K Gupta
RAXQCRZFRYXLA

To
My wife Geeta

Praise for
Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

“Emotions can get in the way of sound investing. This is a universal
state of affairs that applies equally to India and America. Parikh’s book
will help you understand how vulnerable most investors are to
psychological influences, and what they can do to protect their portfolios
from the destructive effects of their own emotions. For Indian investors
especially, it is a must read!”
Hersh Shefrin
Author of Beyond Greed and Fear: Understanding Behavioral
Finance and The Psychology of Investing
“Parag Parikh has taken the best of the recent research in behavioral
finance and has successfully applied its models to the Indian stock
markets. I recommend this book to all Indian investors.”
Sanjay Bakshi
Visiting Professor (Behavioral Finance and Business Valuation),
Management Development Institute, Gurgaon
“If you are looking for stock tips to double your money in these difficult
times, don’t read this book. Read it if you want to create wealth in
these difficult times and preserve it through the next upturn and
downturn that are bound to follow. Parag distills his experience of three
decades as one of India’s foremost wealth managers into this book. He

viii

Praise for Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

explains the subject like a wonderful teacher, grounding you in the basics
and then helping you easily grasp concepts that some of today’s wealth
managers would do well to follow.”
Senthil Chengalvarayan
President and Group Editorial Director,
Television 18 Business Media
“Value Investing and Behavioral Finance deals with the quirks of the
mind, their impact on making decisions and the consequences of
investment performance. Parag is spot on in urging investors to adopt a
more empirically skeptical approach based on a clear understanding of
one’s own blind spots and biases. The insights from applied psychology
in coming to terms with IPOs, index investing and spotting bubbles
will save you a lot of pain and money. Every serious investor would do
well to have a copy of this fine work on their bookshelves.”
Sanjoy Bhattacharyya
Partner, Fortuna Capital
“Creating wealth from equity investing is not purely a number game. In
fact, it is more of a mind game. Each one of us reacts to a financial
situation differently. Unless an investor considers psychological angle
to investing, wealth creation will always remain an illusion. This book
throws light on the psychological aspects of equity investing. It is a
must read for all investors.”
Gaurav Mashruwala
Certified Financial Planner
“The wild gyrations of the stock market in the last 12 months have left
investors with heavy losses. Many are bewildered and have lost faith in
equity investments. Parag Parikh’s timely book offers a pragmatic way
of understanding market behavior and facilitating better investment
decisions.”
Ashok M. Advani
Chairman & Managing Director,
Blue Star Ltd.

Praise for Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

ix

“All the techniques required to play in the markets are explained by
Parag Parikh. His analysis—spanning last three decades—and expert
observations provide the reader with the much needed framework to
help him carve his way to wealth by investing intelligently.”
Harsh C. Mariwala
Chairman & Managing Director,
Marico Ltd.
“Parag Parikh delivers once again. If his first book, Stocks to Riches was
a timely offering and a bestseller several times over, his second one,
Value Investing and Behavioral Finance is critical. It is a guide on how to
retain your cool in times of meltdown, your patience and your
investments when everybody is losing all three with disastrous
consequences. Parag does not claim to provide a magic bullet to shoot
into the heart of the stock market. In fact, he confesses upfront that he
is neither an economist nor an academician. But, what he does have is
astute common sense, and three decades of experience in studying the
market, money management and investor behavior. From this rare
armoury, he has forged the essentials of success and failure in investing.
The result is a book that helps you understand your own motivations,
which is the first step towards understanding investment, and then
achieving mastery over the market. Simple without being simplistic, it
tells you everything you wanted to know about managing your portfolio,
but never thought you’d find someone to explain it all so clearly.”
Bachi Karkaria
Consulting Editor,
The Times of India
“Parag Parikh has amply demonstrated by giving real-life situations how
lack of understanding of universal principles of life and lack of selfawareness unleash greed and fear, spelling loom and doom as we are
witnessing currently. His insights into behavioral finance serve as a
lighthouse whose powerful beam illuminates, empowers, enlightens and
guides investors to steer their equity portfolio ships safely and rationally

x

Praise for Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

to the shores of gains and profits. Further, this book shows that to be
myopic and seek instant gratification is the sure recipe for disaster.”
Sudit Parekh
Founder Partner,
Sudit K Parekh & Co.
Chartered Accountants
“Investing 101, with a focus on Indian markets.”
Abhishek Dalmia
Director, Renaissance Group
“If one wishes to understand behavioral finance in investment decisions,
he will need to spend considerable time and energy in doing so. This
book can save a lot of time and effort, by helping one understand the
multiple facets of an investor…The book is extremely informative…
There are a lot of good pointers to the behavioral anomalies of investors
and the crowd psychology that we would have never otherwise thought
of or realized…the book is complete in the coverage of all areas of investor
behavior and behavioral trends. The author’s readiness to explain every
aspect of the theme is also really helpful, which makes both reading and
understanding easy…I will recommend it to anyone interested in the
subject.”
Y.M. Deosthalee
Chief Financial Officer & Member of the Board,
Larsen & Toubro Ltd.

PREFACE
Currently, book stores are flooded with books on the wisdom of
investing. All of them talk about the virtues of value investing. Investors
spend money and time to learn about the wisdom of investment success
by reading books, attending lectures and seminars of investment gurus,
joining internet chat sites, etc. Every effort is made to grasp the next
best idea or the new way to achieve investment success.
However, investment success evades most of them. This is also true
for professional money managers, equipped with high-flying academic
qualifications and managing huge pools of money, but succumbing to
investment blunders.
Is it not strange that in spite of knowing the tricks of the trade, and
being smart, one yet fails? The answer is quite simple. The inability to
delay gratification is the root of failure. This is one of the human traits
that makes people lose patience. Investing is all about having the patience
to hold on to your convictions. When you are unable to delay
gratification, your greed is strong and it gets you in trouble in the financial
markets.
I have studied the behavior of professional investors. When they go
on their marketing trips, they talk about the virtues of value investing,
long-term approach, preservation of capital, etc. However, when they
are confronted with the real world of investing in the stock markets,
they falter. They fail to ‘walk the talk’. They fall into the Integrity Trap.
Due to their inability to control their emotions, and the fear of being
left out of the crowd, they lose their conviction and get carried away by

xii

Preface

crowd behavior. They are swayed between bouts of fear and greed leading
to self-doubt.
I have applied the knowledge of investor psychology to studying
investing follies. Everyone believes in capital preservation. But then why
does everyone act against his/her belief ? I find the books on behavioral
finance theoretical. I have studied their effects in real-life situations and
have explained these by taking examples of the Indian stock market and
Indian companies. This, I am sure, will be a refreshing change from the
usual coverage of leading MNCs like Coca Cola, IBM, Microsoft, etc.
The research on Indian capital markets has been done more with a view
to show the trends rather than add any academic value. I believe that
knowledge is not important as it changes continuously, but what are
important are the trends. We have collected data on the BSE Sensex
from 1979 and there might be flaws in some of our calculations. There
have been quite a lot of corporate events like mergers, acquisitions, delistings, rights offers, split stocks and dividends, some of which could,
perhaps, have escaped attention. Moreover, we had difficulties in sourcing
data of the initial years from a single source and collected it from various
sources. This could, in some way, affect our calculations; but definitely
it will, in no way, affect the strength of our argument.
The book was completed in May 2008; hence all the data pertains to
the period prior to May 2008. Moreover, a present and past tense
disconnect may appear as the book was written over a period of two years.
I am trying to convince the readers about where the returns and the
opportunities lie in this chaotic investment world.
This book is all about identifying a good business managed by good
people, paying the right price for the stock and having the patience to
hold on to such investments for a long period of time. I have shown
such investing and behavioral trends that affect investor decision-making
and ultimately investor returns.
We understand the law of physics—for every action there is an equal
and opposite reaction. However, this does not happen in the markets.
From 2005 to 2007 the price per barrel of oil moved up from $40 to
$100. It was not a good news. However, during the same period BSE
Sensex moved up from around 6000 to 20000. And in 2008 the price
of oil moved up by 30% to $130 and during the same time period BSE

Preface

xiii

Sensex came down from 21000 in January 2008 to less than 15000.
What explains this behavior?
Stock markets are not a zero-sum game. Wealth is not transferred, it
just goes up or down. Even if you do not do anything, your wealth
fluctuates according to the ups and downs in stocks. Your inaction can
also result in a reaction. Stock market behavior is not in tandem with
rational human thinking.
This brings us to the fundamental question: why are stock markets
difficult to understand? As we know, the shareholders of a company are
the owners and have the authority to demand performance from the
managers appointed to run the company. However, they don’t act
responsibly towards the well-being of the company they own. At the
slightest hint of bad news they want to sell the shares they own. Can
owners really behave against the interest of the assets they own? In stock
markets the ownership relation is different. When a stock is listed,
ownership changes within seconds as investors are allowed to enter and
exit within seconds. Stock markets are made up of such transient investors
who play havoc with stock prices. In the absence of any loyalty by the
owners towards their companies, it is imperative that we understand
them through their weaknesses which come in the form of pursuit of
instant gratification, greed, fear, integrity gap, social mask, etc.
In my earlier book Stocks to Riches: Insights on Investor Behaviour
(2005), I had predicted that I was writing it at the start of the biggest
boom in the history of the Indian stock markets. The worst period for
the stock markets seemed to have ended mid-2003 with dividend yield
on stocks touching between 5 to 8%. Some good stocks were available
at a price to book of one or less than one. The valuations were attractive,
there was renewed optimism and the sentiment was bullish. There was
good corporate news of rising profits. Lower interest rates were fueling
the consumer boom. Cheap money was adding to the stock and the real
estate boom. All the available information on the markets, companies,
and economy was extremely positive. The foreign institutional investors
had started showing interest in the markets and were pouring money
into the Indian markets. It was no rocket science that my prediction
came true. However, during the last year, I noticed that something was
wrong. The seeds of excesses were being sown. Investors, politicians,

xiv

Preface

academicians, market pundits, investment bankers, stock brokers,
analysts, company managements, foreign institutional investors, mutual
fund managers—all were overly optimistic. There was a strong belief
that the market could go only one way and that was upwards. Making
money in the market seemed so simple that people started believing
that the only way to make money was to invest in stocks. One very
disturbing trend was that we had asset inflation in the form of stocks,
real estate and commodities going up but the consumer price index or
inflation was under control. This was strange. I am not of the opinion
that the India’s growth story is over but the way the markets were
discounting the future was a matter of concern. The stocks were going
up too fast and a correction was due. In fact, in the second chapter,
“Understanding Behavioral Trends”, we have presented an interesting
study, “Making Sense out of the Sensex”. It is clear that the rise of
Indian markets even in 2007 and early 2008 when the Sensex touched
21000 was backed by strong fundamentals. Although the element of
speculation did play a role it was nowhere comparable to the hollow
1991–92 boom. In 1991–92 the total return on the sensex was 37.7%
of which 6.6% was fundamental return and the remaining 31.1% was
speculative return. However, in 2007–2008, the total return was 48.2%
which comprised of 22.2% fundamental and 26% speculative. A
correction was in the offing and it did happen. I have tried to explain
the excesses of a bull market and the different types of behavioral biases
and traits which prohibit people from thinking and acting rationally. If
one is vigilant and has common sense, one can not only avoid the pitfalls
but also see the opportunities all the way.
My firm, Parag Parikh Financial Advisory Services Ltd, has been doing
extensive research in the field of behavioral finance. In fact, we apply
these concepts in our investment decisions for stock broking activities,
portfolio management services and advisory services. In fact, this has
been one of our most distinguishing features. I am sure the findings of
our research team will help one to be a wise and emotionally selfrestrained investor.
I am neither an economist nor an academician. I am an investor first.
I run a stock broking and a portfolio management firm as a profession
rather than a business. This gives me the courage and excitement to do

Preface

xv

what is right rather than do the right thing. I am a keen learner and
believe that learning is a never-ending process. My knowledge comes
from my passion for the subject of investing and my extensive study of
the works of scholars in various fields of investment, money management
and behavioral finance. These include great thinkers and scholars like
Amos Tversky, Daniel Kahneman, Richard Thaler, Hersh Shefrin,
Robert Shiller, Benjamin Graham, Warren Buffett, Charlie Munger,
Christopher Browne, Stephen Covey, Gustave le Bon, Max Bazzerman,
Gary Belsky, Jeremy Siegel, David Dreman, Michael Mauboussin and
Nassim Taleb, to name just a few, some of whom I have had the good
fortune to interact with.
The vast potential of the subject of behavioral finance dawned on me
when in 2006, I attended a course on Behavioral Corporate Finance by
Hersh Shefrin at the Amsterdam Institute of Finance. Not only the lay
investors but also the big organizations are prone to behavioral biases
especially when subjected to the pulls and pressures of the stock markets.
Gathering knowledge from these great thinkers, I have developed
my unique perspective on the activities in the Indian stock markets.
Here is a brief summary of the chapters.

1 SUCCESS AND FAILURE
Listening to various emotionally and spiritually charged speeches on
personal growth is my habit. The other day I happened to listen to
Brian Tracy’s collection on “The Psychology of Achievement”. Our
destiny is in our hands. If we understand the universal principles of life
and live by them not only do we become successful but also realize our
wildest dreams. Our success in life depends on our self-awareness. The
more we understand ourselves the more we are able to achieve personal
growth. All the problems in life and with money start due to the basic
human tendency for instant gratification. This again is very true of the
stock markets. I found the learning so appropriate that I decided to
include the same in the first chapter as it lays the basis for preparing the
reader to better understand the concept of behavioral finance.

xvi

Preface

2 UNDERSTANDING BEHAVIORAL TRENDS
Equities are considered inherently riskier than investments in bonds.
What makes equity investing risky? Is it because of the inconsistent
performance of businesses behind the stocks or is it because of the
behavior of the market participants, who as a result of greed and fear get
excessively optimistic and pessimistic about the future resulting in bull
and bear phases? In this chapter we have tried to answer these questions
using a conclusive study done on Sensex which highlights that it is not
the inconsistent performance of companies constituting Sensex but the
follies of crowd behavior which make investing risky. Understanding
the behavior of stock market participants is central to designing a
successful investment strategy. It would be fit to mention Daniel
Kahneman and Amos Tversky, the proponents of the Prospect Theory
and the winners of Nobel prize for their research in behavioral finance.
Their work has been of immense help to me.

3 BEHAVIORAL OBSTACLES TO VALUE INVESTING
In 2001, I attended a course, “Investment Decisions and Behavioral
Finance”, at the Kennedy School of Government at the Harvard Business
School. I was impressed by a talk by Christopher Browne on value
investing and behavioral finance. Again, his speech on the same at the
Columbia Business School on 15 November 2000 was an eye opener
for me. This instilled in me the courage to expand my knowledge in
this burgeoning field. I was excited by the opportunities the markets
would offer if one was able to control one’s emotions. Which investment
style has historically outperformed other styles? What are the traits that
distinguish successful investors from others? What role does emotional
discipline play in successfully implementing an investment strategy?
What are the behavioral traits that act as impediments in achieving
investing success? These are the questions that have been answered in
this chapter. Just as it helps to understand the rules of any game to
become victorious, it helps to understand the characteristic traits that
make a successful investor. Drawing upon the wisdom of Christopher
Browne on value investing and behavioral finance I have tried to explain
the obstacles faced by value investors.

Preface

xvii

4 CONTRARIAN INVESTING
Homo sapiens have evolved in groups. As a consequence, sticking our
necks out and taking a solitary view of things does not come naturally
to us. However, bargain issues are a result of negative perception of a
stock or a sector and the ability to take a stand that runs contrary to that
held by the crowd is an indispensable tool for any investor. One must
have the courage to stand by one’s conviction irrespective of the noise
around. In this chapter, the impediments faced by human beings in
developing contrarian thinking are discussed in detail. The results that
can be expected from following a contrarian approach are also highlighted
using a study titled “Conventional and Contrarian Portfolio” which
shows the superior results expected from a contrarian investor. The
writings of the renowned contrarian investors, David Dreman, and
Michael Mauboussin, have been central to developing my understanding
of contrarian investing in this chapter.

5 GROWTH TRAP
In 1949, Benjamin Graham, the dean of value investors, observed in
his work “Intelligent Investor” that the obvious prospects of growth do
not necessarily translate into obvious profits for investors. In this chapter,
using an extensive study covering the stock performance from 1979 to
2005, we highlight that growth trap, i.e., the act of chasing growth
stcoks, results in sub-optimal returns. The lessons from the study hold
special significance in achieving success as an investor in the long run.
My inspiration of working on this chapter came from reading the book
titled Future for Investors by Professor Jeremy Siegel. He has brought
out the concept of the growth trap with examples of the companies in
the United States. I have applied the same knowledge to support the
growth trap theory with examples of Indian companies.

6 COMMODITY INVESTING
Investing can be defined as the act of acquiring a company, which is
run by capable managers, enjoys a competitive advantage in its area of
operation, has favorable prospects, and more importantly, is available at

xviii

Preface

an attractive price. Under that definition, commodity stocks would not
qualify as potential candidates for investment. However, the equation
changes when stock prices are excessively beaten down and the prospects
of revival in the underlying commodity can be reasonably expected. In
this case, what is the right way to go about investing in commodity
manufacturing companies? This is the question that is the subject matter
of this chapter. Our studies support a counter-intuitive method that
seems to work better than the conventional approach used by the vast
majority of investors. I owe many thanks to Benjamin Graham for it
was his discussion on this topic in Security Analysis that helped me
broaden my perspective on this topic.

7 PUBLIC SECTOR UNITS
Can Public Sector Units have the autonomy to look after the interests
of all stakeholders and create value for shareholders? Should an equity
investor look for potential bargains in this space or should he overlook
this area? What lessons does the historical performance of PSUs since
the liberalization in 1991 hold? In this chapter, these are the questions
that have been answered. In this age of globalization it is assumed that
government-controlled corporations would cease to exist in a competitive
environment. But, India has shown that it is not the case. The public
sector units, which were the product of a controlled economy, have
been able to thrive in the liberalized environment with considerable
success, thanks to the resilience and hard-working nature of the Indian
work force. The slow pace of reforms with a human face has enabled
the PSUs to meet the challenges of the competitive market. It’s only up
to the politicians to allow them to bloom and grow. How have their
investors fared? What behavioral anomalies played a role in throwing
up opportunities? Those who followed the contrarian approach and
thought long term have done exceedingly well.

8 SECTOR INVESTING
A common strategy employed by a vast majority of investment
professionals is to choose a sector, whose market perception is favorable,
and pick up the leading players from that sector as potential bargain

Preface

xix

stocks. Though the strategy seems deceptively simple, the fact that
everybody follows the same strategy and the expectations of their growth
are discounted in the stock prices makes this approach questionable. In
this chapter, the performance of major sectoral indices since their
constitution is studied. Human behavior plays an important part in a
sector being a fancy or it being ignored. Sector bubbles are formed when
the investors get very excited about the fortunes of a sector due to the
change in the economic conditions and government policies. A study of
the sectors in the Indian market in the last decade throws light on
irrational investor expectations which give rise to sector bubbles. It is
during such bubbles that managements cash in on by bringing IPOs in
the market at ridiculous valuations. Investor greed becomes their
graveyard when the sector fancy recedes. The last five years make an
interesting study on such sectors. It’s like a game of musical chairs.
Sector fancy changes with the changes in investor sentiments.

9 INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERINGS
Initial Public Offerings (IPOs) help corporations approach potential
investors for capital to fund their expansion plans. However, for an
investor, does it make sense to subscribe to the deluge of offerings, which
come up during bull markets? Is the promoter whose stake is to be
diluted likely to offer the new shares at a discount? What kind of role do
the investment bankers, who undertake the book building process, play
in the IPO process? What has been the historical performance of IPOs
during the last two decades? And what important lessons do they hold
for investors? How investor greed is exploited? In this chapter, these are
the questions that have been answered and their understanding is critical.
IPO investing is not for a value or a contrarian investor. Values are
found in bear markets and IPOs are a product of bull markets. IPOs
and the craze for them among investors reinforce the fact that greed
plays a dominant role in the markets. The company coming out with
an IPO appoints an investment banker to sell the issue at the highest
possible price. It pays a fee to the investment banker. Investors apply
for IPOs based on the information and research provided by the investor
bankers. We have created financial markets where such insanity works.

xx

Preface

10 INDEX INVESTING
What is Index Investing? What are Index Funds? What are the
characteristics that guarantee a place in the Index? Why are Index funds
popular? Do these characteristics make sense from the perspective of an
investor? Is the rationale for replacing index stocks with reference to
their market capitalization correct? Does the advantage of low cost
override the superiority of carefully applied investment strategy? How
have the stocks that have been removed from the Index to be replaced
by upcoming companies performed? What is de-indexing? These are
the questions that have been addressed in this chapter. Research on the
Indian indices highlights some important drawbacks of passive investing.
It may be the most popular thing to do, but definitely it is not the right
thing to do, thanks to PPFAS research for the research inputs.

11 BUBBLE TRAP
My previous book Stocks to Riches: Insight on Investor Behaviour had a
chapter devoted to how a bubble was formed and ultimately how it
would burst and how investor sentiments and behavior was responsible
for the same. In this book I have applied the knowledge to the Indian
stock markets to identify bubbles which were about to burst.
Crowd psychology, when subject to excessive fear and greed result in
bull and bear phases from time to time. The transition from one phase
to another is not a smooth one, but one which happens all too suddenly
resulting in investors feeling helpless. An understanding of how favorable
times result in getting herds of investors getting attracted to the equity
markets help to take stocks to dizzy valuations. Excesses are thus
committed, leading to mass folly, which eventually leads to bubbles. As
a bystander it is easy to spot a bubble and if one understands how it is
formed one can not only avoid getting trapped but can also benefit
from it. A study on the various bubble formations in the Indian markets
would add to the investor understanding of the vagaries of the markets.
This chapter is a tribute to Gustave Le Bonn, for his excellent insights
into the crowd behavior in his book The Crowd and Charles Mackay
for his Extraordinary Popular Delusions. Both these books have numerous
lessons for any thoughtful investor and can help one save a fortune by
not getting influenced by the crowd psychology.

Preface

xxi

12 INVESTOR BEHAVIOR BASED FINANCE
In 2002, I came across an article in the Harvard Business Review titled
“Taking the Mystery out of Investor Behavior” by Kevin P Coyne and
Jonathan W Witter. This made me ask: “investors do research on
companies but do companies research their investors?” This laid the
basis for an interesting concept to be developed. Being in the stock
broking profession it was my duty to understand my clients who
happened to be fund managers with mutual funds or financial
institutions. PPFAS research team started studying investor behavior
and set in motion a new service offering “Investor Behavior Based
Finance” for corporate clients. This chapter explains how important for
a corporate client it is to study investor behavior. These same investors
happen to be its owners but, being transient investors their behavior is
guided by greed and fear. They behave more like mercenaries on a
mission to make money. Investor behavior based finance is an idea whose
time has come. Some may question its viability, as it is a difficult thing
to do. My answer is simple: it is as simple or as difficult as trying to
understand employee or customer behavior. There exist huge industries
in the form of consumer market research, human relations development
and placement agencies doing the same. I am sure the readers will get
new insights from the chapter.
Currently, the world economy is going through tough times. The
stock markets have had a very good bull phase starting in 2003. However,
now the oil prices and inflation are the biggest challenges facing the
world. People have been accustomed to making easy money from the
stock markets. The challenge ahead is to have the courage to be a value
investor and, of course with it, the patience to hold on to investments.
This calls for not only a strong mind but a strong heart to enable one
not to be swayed away by emotions. They will be much stronger with
the turbulent times ahead. Self-belief and conviction will sail you
through. Bull and bear markets always follow each other. It’s your ability
to always keep learning that will help you.

PARAG PARIKH

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
This book has been conceived and shaped with the contribution of many
people. I would like to acknowledge the various roles they have played
in my life and in shaping the book:
• Arpit Ranka, research analyst in the field of value investing at Parag
Parikh Financial Advisory Services Ltd. He has devoted more wee
hours to this book sniffing through the vast databases of numbers
and events than he cares to remember. It was his passion and toils
that enabled me to offer interesting insights in this work.
• My late father Shirish Parikh who gave me the wisdom of following
the common sensical approaches to investing.
• Dr. Shantanu Nagarkatti who gave me the foresight to pursue
learning in the upcoming field of behavioral finance a decade back.
• Mr. Chandrakant Sampat who taught me how to distinguish right
from the wrong and ingrained the principles of value investing in
me in the beginning of my career in the stock markets.
• Rajeev Thakkar, a special person who played a special role in
providing both intellectual and emotional support for this task.
• R. Chandra Sekhar of McGraw-Hill Education (India) who gave
me the encouragement and confidence to venture into the
challenging field of writing.
• The publishing team at McGraw-Hill Education (India) for its
support and encouragement.
• The extraordinary team of PPFAS led by Rajeev Thakkar, which
was always by my side, offering a helping hand during the various
stages of the writing of the book.

xxiv

Acknowledgements

• Nirjhar Handa and Melwin Mehta for their valuable professional
contribution and their efforts and time spent in going through the
first draft and coming up with useful suggestions and insights.
• My assistant Hiroo Thadani for her administrative support and
managing heaps of data that would lie cluttered on the desk.
• The Bombay Stock Exchange Library, CMIE, Economic Times
Intelligence Unit, Bloomberg and PPFAS research for providing
valuable data.
• My mother Tarunika, wife Geeta, sons Neil and Sahil and daughterin-law Sitanshi who together have been an enduring source of light,
learning, joy, inspiration and unfailing support in all stages of the
project.
• To various people who have, in some way or the other, helped me
in my endeavor to write this book. It is not possible to name all of
them, but I am indebted to them for their contribution.
And above all, I thank the Almighty without whose will and blessings
nothing can happen. I thank him for having chosen me for this project.

PARAG PARIKH

CONTENTS
Preface
Acknowledgements

xi
xxiii

1. Success and Failure
1.1 Why People Fail 3
1.2 Characteristics of Human Nature 4
1.3 We Strive For 6
1.4 Unwillingness to Delay Gratification 7
1.5 Success 9
1.6 Conclusion 10

1

2. Understanding Behavioral Trends
2.1 The Evidence on Equity Returns 15
2.2 Sources of Returns 16
2.3 Hypothetical Study: Growth in Earnings 17
2.4 Making Sense Out of Sensex 21
2.5 Key Lessons 25
2.6 Successful Investing 28
2.7 Conclusion 32

13

3. Behavioral Obstacles to Value Investing
3.1 Behavioral Finance 37
3.2 Asset Allocation and Risk Aversion 39
3.3 Investment Styles 40
3.4 Returns 51
3.5 Conclusion 57

35

xxvi

Contents

4. Contrarian Investing: The Psychology of Going
Against the Crowd

59

4.1 What is Contrarian Investing? 61
4.2 Why is Contrarian Investing Difficult to Follow? 62
4.3 Empirical Study: Conventional versus
Contrarian Portfolio 68
4.4 Case Study: VST Industries—A Blossom in the
Desert 77
5. Growth Trap

87

5.1 Introduction 89
5.2 Behavioral Anomalies Behind Investors Chasing
Fads and Fancies 90
5.3 Starting of the Indian Equity Cult 95
5.4 Long-Term Stock Returns 98
5.5 Examples of Growth Trap 102
5.6 Differentiating between Good Investment and
Good Business 109
5.7 What does the Evidence Suggest? 111
5.8 Lessons for Investors 112
5.9 Conclusion 114
6. Commodity Investing
6.1
6.2
6.3
6.4
6.5
6.6
6.7
6.8
6.9

115

Commodity Stocks 117
Behavioral Biases 118
Valuation Parameters 120
The Paradox: Conventional Thinking
Does Not Hold True 123
Sugar: A Case Study of Low-Cost versus
High-Cost Producers 126
Key Differentiating Factors 130
Commodity Cycles 131
Stock Market Triggers 133
Conclusion 133

7. Public Sector Units
7.1 Introduction 137

135

Contents

7.2
7.3
7.4
7.5
7.6
7.7
7.8
7.9

Perception of Stock Market 139
Divestment Process 140
Behavioral Anomalies 141
Discounting the Positives 144
Size Matters 146
So Do the Returns 148
Serving Capitalism 155
Conclusion 157

8. Sector Investing
8.1
8.2
8.3
8.4
8.5
8.6
8.7
8.8

191

The Lure of the New 193
The Indian IPO Scenario 194
The Economics of an IPO 195
The Initial Risk-Takers 198
Psychological Errors 199
Investor Heuristic 203
Understanding the IPO Phenomena 206
Conclusion 213

10. Index Investing
10.1
10.2
10.3
10.4
10.5
10.6
10.7

159

Introduction 161
Top-Down Approach 162
Behavioral Traits 163
Sector Bubble 168
Sector Analysis 170
Sector Growth Effect 183
Lessons for Investors 187
Conclusion 188

9. Initial Public Offerings
9.1
9.2
9.3
9.4
9.5
9.6
9.7
9.8

xxvii

Introduction 217
The Essence of Continuity and Discontinuity 218
Is it Possible? 219
Stock Market Behavior 220
What is Index Investing? 223
Why do Investors go for Index Investing? 226
Evidence Suggests the Contrary 227

215

xxviii

Contents

10.8 Lessons for Investors 241
10.9 Conclusion 242
11. Bubble Trap
11.1
11.2
11.3
11.4
11.5
11.6
11.7

Anatomy of Financial Crisis 247
How is a Bubble Formed? 248
Human Behavioral Anomalies 252
How does One Identify a Bubble? 258
Lessons for Investors 264
Why do Past Bubbles not Guide Us? 271
Conclusion 274

12. Investor Behavior Based Finance
12.1
12.2
12.3
12.4
12.5
12.6
12.7
12.8
12.9

245

277

Behavioral Finance 280
Stock Price 281
Role of the Owners: Investors 283
Corporate Behavior 285
Investor Behavior Based Finance 287
Paradigm Shift: Research on Investor Behavior 287
A Case Study of Investor Behavior Based Finance 295
Estimating Stock Price Movement: A Case Study 298
Conclusion 300

Bibliography 301
Glossary

305

Index 321

ONE
1

SUCCESS AND FAILURE

1.1 Why People Fail
1.2 Characteristics of Human Nature
1.3 We Strive For
1.4 Unwillingness to Delay Gratification
1.5 Success
1.6 Conclusion

Success and Failure

1.1 WHY PEOPLE FAIL
Why people fail? This was the subject of an interesting talk by Brian
Tracy, one of the best motivational speakers. I would like to share with
you his understanding of human nature, which sets the basis for this
book, blending value investing and behavioral finance.
Why is it that so many people fail in life? There is so much more
information available today on how to be successful than ever before.
Self-improvement books are amongst the best sellers in bookstores,
millions have read them but the vast majority of people live their lives
far below their potential, achieving far less than their capacities permit.
Failure is as predictable as success because it is the strength of character,
which separates the winner from the loser.
Economists say that the inability to delay gratification is the primary
reason for economic failure in life. People fail because in life they do
what is fun and easy rather than
what is hard and necessary. They
Failure is as predictable as
do what is tension-relieving rather
success because it is the
than goal-achieving.
strength of character,
which separates the winner
Success and failure are more the
from the loser.
results of habit. Ninety percent of
what we do is dictated by habits.
We eat the same food, work in the same way, associate with the same
people, and act the same way when things happen to us over and over.
When a habit is formed, we become comfortable with it, and then we
strive to remain consistent with what is familiar, even if our habits are
leading to failure.
We are always striving to be consistent with what we have done and
said in the past. Thus, we resist change of any kind. Psychologists call
this tendency to become comfortable as getting into the comfort zone.
Even if this comfort zone is keeping us at a low level of performance, we
prefer to stay in it rather than change.
Sow a thought and you reap an act, sow an act and you reap a habit,
sow a habit and you reap a character, sow a character and you reap a
destiny. All changes in our life starts with changing our thoughts and
actions so that we form habits that sow the seeds of our success and
make those habits our masters.
3

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

All understanding of human nature begins with understanding the
way we are, and it begins with an honest understanding of ourselves.
The key is self-knowledge and self-awareness.

1.2 CHARACTERISTICS OF HUMAN NATURE
Let us look at some of the characteristics of human nature based on our
study of human action. Study of human action is the study of what
people do, what people say or what people intend. It simply studies
their actions, and it is only in studying the actions of people that we see
what it is that they see or think or mean or intend.
1.2.1 Laziness
When we first study human action, we find that all human beings value
leisure. We like to take it easy, and so we are always trying to shorten
the time needed to perform any task. We always seek the easiest way to
do anything. In fact, we are
structured mentally in such a way
The inability to delay
that we cannot consciously
gratification is the primary
choose a more difficult way to
reason for economic failure
accomplish something if we can
in life.
choose an easier way. Given a
choice between an easier way and a harder way, we will always choose
the easier option because the sooner we get the job done the sooner we
can enjoy.
So, in a sense we are all lazy. This is neither good nor bad. It is only
what we do as a result of this laziness that is good or bad. All human
progress comes from people seeking faster and easier ways to get the things
we want. Thus, in certain sense, laziness is a motivator of human progress.
1.2.2 Greedy
The second characteristic of human nature is that we each try to get the
very most with the very least expenditure of money or effort. Given a
choice between more or less, we strive to maximize what we get. If we
are offered a choice to work for Rs.500 an hour or Rs.700 an hour, we
will choose the Rs.700 an hour option. When offered a choice between
a large piece of cake or a smaller one at the same price, we will choose
4

Success and Failure

for the larger one. The study of the economics of all human actions,
and the study of economics itself is the study of allocation of resources
to get the greatest possible output per unit of input. This is rational,
sensible and appropriate human behavior.
In this sense, we are all greedy. This is again neither good nor bad.
We are greedy, we are never satisfied, and we are continuously striving
for more and more. We are never ever really contented.
1.2.3 Ambition
Sow a thought and you
Each of us is always striving to
reap an act, sow an act
improve the quality of our lives. All
and you reap a habit, sow
human actions are motivated by a
a habit and you reap a
desire for improvement in our
character, sow a character
condition. In fact, we cannot
and you reap a destiny.
consciously act to worsen our
situation. Even a person who
jumps off a building to commit suicide believes that he would be better
off by putting an end to his life than by being alive. We may not always
succeed, but every action that we take is an attempt to be better off than
we would be without the action.
In this sense then, every human being is ambitious. We may be
ambitious for different things or may have more or less opportunities to
realize our ambitions but, we are all ambitious.
1.2.4 Self-Interest
The fourth characteristic is that each person thinks, feels, acts and
experiences happiness or sorrow, by and for himself/herself. Therefore,
we primarily act from our point of view.
In other words, we are all selfish, centered on ourselves living inside
out. Everything we do, even acts of charity, we do because in our personal
opinion at that moment it is the best thing for us. Selfishness and selfcenteredness render us with a sense of survival.
1.2.5 Ignorance
Our fifth characteristic is that we all act on the basis of incomplete
information because no one in the world can possibly know everything
there is to know about one subject.
5

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

In this sense, we are all ignorant. No matter how much we learn we
must still act with some uncertainty. Some ignorance of the facts often
with great ignorance or sometimes with complete ignorance.
1.2.6 Vanity
Lastly, as human beings we have an ego. We always think very highly of
ourselves. We consider ourselves superior to others in many ways in
terms of intelligence, personality, appearance, wealth and so on.
In other words, we are all vain. This is neither good nor bad, it’s just
human nature. The cosmetic industry, the fashion industry, and the
furnishing industry all appeal to our vanity and certainly not to our
basic needs.

1.3 WE STRIVE FOR
So, we have a basic human nature that, by definition, causes many of us
to be lazy, greedy, ambitious, selfish, ignorant and vain. And, we know
that giving in to the worst side of this nature is the reason for so much
unhappiness in the world. It’s no wonder that there are so many problems
in the world where we have over six billion lazy, greedy, ambitious,
selfish, ignorant and vain people running around trying to make a living.
And now these same people also want the same things in the following
order of priority but with different degrees of intensity: security, comfort,
leisure, love, respect, and fulfilment.
1.3.1 Security
Security is our basic need. The survival instinct. Security of life and
health. Physical security, economic security, emotional security etc. We
value security very highly. Any threat to our security in any area brings
forth our instinct to protect and defend. Lack of security makes us angry,
fearful and defensive.
1.3.2 Comfort
The second thing we want after we have achieved our security is comfort,
especially physical comfort. We pay an enormous amount and work
very hard to gain the comforts that we desire.
6

Success and Failure

1.3.3 Leisure
After security and comfort, the third thing we want is to relax and take
time off work. We need leisure. Leisure is a valued good and we work
very hard and pay duly for it. Our holidays are leisure, Golf is leisure,
and theatre is leisure. Leisure activities in our society consume hundreds
of crores of rupees. This is due to the fact that, by definition, we are all
lazy, and we all like leisure, and are prepared to pay very highly for it.
1.3.4 Love
The fourth in priority is love. We seek the affection and the love of
others. This is something we desire so intently that we will even die for
it. Each of us needs to be loved to feel fully human, and we strive for
love all our lives.
1.3.5 Respect
The fifth thing that we all seek is respect. We need to be recognized and
respected by others outside our family group. Because we are basically
vain, we seek the praise and appreciation of other people. We will make
great efforts to earn and keep the goodwill and respect of others.
1.3.6 Fulfillment
And finally, the sixth thing that we want is fulfillment. Each of us has a
deep craving for meaning and purpose in life. This is the deepest of all
subconscious cravings. We want to feel that we are fulfilling our potential
and becoming everything that we are capable of becoming.

1.4 UNWILLINGNESS TO DELAY GRATIFICATION
So, the human race is made up of people—you and I— who are basically
lazy, greedy, ambitious, selfish, ignorant and vain. All of them are striving
for the same things: security, comfort, leisure, love, respect and
fulfillment.
And here is the key point. The basic law of human nature is that
people always tend to seek the fastest and the easiest way to get the
things they want. And usually to get the things they want right now.
7

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

Brian Tracy calls this the “Expediency Factor” or the “E” factor, which
explains why people succeed and why they fail.
Why do families, corporations, organizations, businesses and
individuals and even nations succeed and fail? Because of their
unwillingness to delay gratification, the vast majority of people act
immediately to get the things they want at that moment. The fastest
and the easiest way. Even if the long term consequences of the actions
will be under-achievement and failure.
The following are a few examples of people going for short-term gain
and ending up with long-term pain.
1. Students cram a month before the exams. They pass the exams,
but have they learnt anything? Long-term career suffers.
2. A young man drops out of college, takes a job to buy a car to
impress the girls. That’s the expedient thing to do. The longterm price is a lifetime of low-paying jobs. Short-term gain for
long-term pain.
3. Labor unions strike for higher than market wages at the longterm price of permanently crippling the industry and causing
permanent unemployment. A perfect example is the textile strike
in Mumbai which has closed the mills and rendered millions
unemployed.
4. Another example is that of criminals. They engage in robberies,
burglaries and theft to get immediate funds at the price of a ruined
life and social stigma in society.
5. Politicians dole out largesse to gain votes and popularity, especially
before the approaching elections. They achieve short-term gain
at the cost of long-term consequences for the country. The farmer
loan waiver scheme is an example.
6. Employees do only what is expected out of the pay checks they
receive. They only do what they have to do. The other time is
spent on socializing and leisure. No effort is made to learn new
skills or make themselves more beneficial to the organizations
they work for. The long-term price is failure in life.
7. Men and women everywhere do what is fun and easy rather than
what is hard and necessary at the long-term price of never fulfilling
their unique potential.
8

Success and Failure

The pull of the “E” factor is very strong. It causes the vast majority of
men and women to indulge themselves at whim, to ignore the secondary
long-term consequences of their actions, and by refusing to delay
gratification, to engage in short-term gain for long-term pain, they
condemn themselves to lives of frustration and disappointment.
The “E” factor explains most of the failures in our lives. Only those
rare few men and women—less than five percent in each generation—
who consciously master them and resist the gravitational pull of the “E”
factor ever really succeed in the long run.

1.5 SUCCESS
The one human quality that must be developed for success is selfdiscipline—the will-power to force
yourself to do what you know you
Investing is simple, but the
should do, when you should do it,
industry has made it
whether you like it or not, whether
complicated. In its quest
you feel like it or not.
for instant gratification, it
Napoleon Hill, the author of
has woven a web of
Think and Grow Rich, after a
complexity to confuse the
lifetime of studying some of the
investor.
most successful men and women,
came to the conclusion that the ability to exert self-discipline on oneself
is the key to riches.
Successful people are simply those who make a habit of doing what
unsuccessful people don’t like to do. And what are the things that
unsuccessful people don’t like to do? They are the same things that
successful people do not like to do. But, successful people do them
because they know that these are the price of success.
Every act of self-discipline strengthens the habit of self-discipline,
just as every act of expediency or instant gratification strengthens the
tendency to act expediently. It has been proven that hard work,
persistence and focus on clear specific goals are the keys to success.
The strength of character you have is in direct proportion to your
ability to resist expediency. In fact, the strength of character is simply
the ability to resist acting in a lazy, greedy, ambitious, selfish, ignorant
and vain way.
9

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

The key to success in life is to resolve to do what you know you
should do, what other successful self-disciplined people do, and to do it
when you should do it, whether you feel like it or not.
True self-esteem, the foundational quality of your success, comes from
mastering yourself, resisting the temptation to take the fastest and the
easiest way, and sticking to what you know to be right until you win
through.
This is the psychology, the mindset of success. Self-esteem requires
self-discipline and self-discipline builds self-esteem.

1.6 CONCLUSION
There are certain universal principles that do not change irrespective of
the circumstances, technological changes, geographical boundaries,
demographic changes, etc. One such universal principle is the “Law of
the Farm”. You cannot sow a seed today and reap tomorrow. It takes
time for the seed to grow into a tree. It has to go through different
seasons. There is no way that we can have an instant tree growing. Nature
does not help us with instant gratification.
If our life is tuned with nature, it is but natural that we follow the
laws of nature. Success in our life comes with our ability to understand
that there are no short-cuts in life. If one goes for such short-cuts, one is
bound to fail.
So is the case with investments. You just cannot hope to make a fast
buck through investing. Today, most people are trying to invest in the
hope of making fortunes.
Look at the successful investors around you. They are successful
because they could delay gratification and understood the law of the
farm. Successful investors like Warren Buffett, Charlie Munger, Peter
Lynch, to name a few, owe their success to their ability to avoid the pull
of the “E” Factor.
This understanding of human nature forms the basis for the different
facets of this book and will help the investor to understand the simplicity
of investing. Investing is simple, but the industry has made it
complicated. In its quest for instant gratification, it has woven a web of
complexity to confuse the investor; the same person on whom the
industry is dependant for its livelihood.
10

Success and Failure

We human beings are more concerned about concentrating on
improving our intellect, and hence, concentrate on developing the
Intelligence Quotient (IQ). However, the most important balancing
mechanism in us is the Emotional Quotient (EQ). We are human beings
having a mind as well as a heart. The mind controls our intellect and
the heart controls our emotions. A proper understanding and the balance
of the two lead to a successful life and lead us to a more fruitful, happy
existence.
Daniel Goleman in his book “Emotional Intelligence” brings out
this concept of Emotional Quotient (EQ) very convincingly.
Parents want their kids to study in the best possible schools. The
motive behind such action is the belief that the surroundings, classmates
and teachers would help their kids realize their true potential, which in
turn would help the kid to achieve great success when he grows up. The
potential is often measured as scoring high on tests and recording high
intelligent quotients (IQs). But many a times, we fail to understand if
IQ alone guarantees success or is there something else. Just take a look
around you and you will notice that there are numerous people who are
not really smart but are doing very well in terms achieving financial
well-being and, more importantly, in achieving happiness as well. On
the other hand, there are also numerous people who in spite of being
brilliant in terms of IQ pan out low in the race of life, end up getting
stuck up on the corporate ladder and fail to achieve a constant dose of
happiness and contentment. This anomaly is better understood by
understanding what scientists call ‘EQ’.
What is Emotional Quotient? Just as IQ is used to define the
competence in terms of cognitive abilities, EQ relates to the mental
composure of a person. A person who has the ability to think clearly
through the hurdles faced in life and accept failures without letting them
de-motivate him from moving ahead in life is well-placed to achieve
success in life. Schools fail to develop this ability in the kids. But, it can
be cultivated by introspecting on our own behavior and of those around
us and observing how understanding and controlling emotions alone
can help us realize our true potential.
This book is designed in such a way that it will throw light on various
methods of developing one’s EQ as a person and as an investor.

11

TWO
2

UNDERSTANDING
BEHAVIORAL TRENDS
The Evidence
of Equity
Returns
Conclusion
90% follow the
Physical Way
10% follow the
Emotional Way

Sources of
Returns
Stable
PE Ratio

Investing
Success

Understanding
Behavioral Trends

Hypothetical
Study: Growth
in Earnings

Objective
Key Lessons

Making Sense
out of SENSEX

Mr. Market oscillates
between Greed
and Fear
Your Discipline

2.1 The Evidence on Equity Returns
2.2 Sources of Returns
2.3 Hypothetical Study: Growth in Earnings
2.4 Making Sense out of SENSEX
2.5 Key Lessons
2.6 Successful Investing
2.7 Conclusion

PE Ratio Expansion
PE Ratio Contraction
Equity Returns
and PE Ratios

What makes
Investing Risky?
Acquisition Price
determines
Stock Returns

Is Equity
Investing
Really Risky?

Methodology
Results

Understanding Behavioral Trends

2.1 THE EVIDENCE ON EQUITY RETURNS
Normally our minds are tuned with the law of Physics: For every action
there is an equal and opposite reaction. Hence, we are always under the
impression that higher the returns, higher the risks undertaken. Thus,
we come to our own conclusion that equity investments are risky by
their very nature while fixed income instruments are safe investments.
Equity investments appear risky due to the volatility in their prices,
while fixed income securities appear safe as their prices do not fluctuate.
In reality, the factor of inflation makes the fixed income securities much
riskier. It can eat into your fixed returns. In contrast, equities are a good
hedge against inflation. The following chart shows the returns on equities
as well as returns from a fixed income instrument Public Provident Fund
from 1979 to 2007.

Fig. 2.1 Returns on Equities vs. PPF (1979–2007)
Equities have returned 19.67% per annum over these years while the
returns on PPF have been just over 10.4% per annum. In economies
where rising inflation is a reality we all have to live with, fixed income
securities score very poorly. Equities as an asset class have performed
exceedingly well. If one had bought the Sensex in 1979 and stayed
invested, one would have made immense wealth. That is the power of
equity investing.
However we observe that investors find the equity asset class dangerous
due to its wild fluctuations and many people shun equities as there are
various examples of investors and corporations having gone bankrupt
in equity investing.
15

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

Isn’t it a paradox that equity investments have done so well, but the
investors have done poorly? Why is it that we have so many “rags to
riches” and “riches to rags” stories in equity investing? Why are the
stock markets known as glorified casinos?
The answer lies in understanding investor behavior and its effect on
stock prices.
2.1.1 Is Equity Investing Really Risky?
Investing in equity is considered inherently riskier than investments in
bonds. In spite of widespread acknowledgement about this risk-reward
relationship of bonds and
It is the behavioral traits of
equity, little time has been spent
the investor in particular and
on understanding what makes
the crowd behavior of the
equities riskier than bonds. Has
markets in general which
it got to do with the inconsistent
makes equity investing
performance of the companies
appear a risky proposition.
behind the stocks? Or, has it got
to do with the way the equities
are approached and appraised by broader market participants, who are
prone to fear and greed, leading to wide swings in returns for investors?
Finding an answer to the above questions would not only help us put
things in perspective but would also help us decide if it would really be
prudent on our part to take the route of equities while deploying our
savings, with the aim of generating better returns. Alternatively, we would
conclude that the risk associated with equities cannot be reduced by an
investor, under any circumstances, and hence, s/he should shift his/her
savings towards fixed income generating securities, i.e., bonds. Let us
try and find the answer to the questions by discussing the various sources
of equity returns.

2.2 SOURCES OF RETURNS
Two Sources of Equity Returns:

Unlike bonds, wherein the returns are dependent on only one source
under normal circumstances, which in itself is known beforehand, i.e.,
interest income, the returns from equities are dependent on two sources:
16

Understanding Behavioral Trends

(i) Fundamental
Understanding the behavior of
(ii) Speculative
the stock markets is the most
The fundamental element
difficult because markets are
concerns the earnings behind
made on the basis of varied
the enterprise along with the
opinions expressed by their
dividend paid out during the
participants.
holding period.
The speculative element
concerns the changes in the appraisal of the current performance and
prospective profitability by the market participants, as a group, having
a bearing on PE expansion or contraction, thereby increasing or
decreasing the total shareholder return. The speculative element can be
simply calculated by the earnings multiplied by change in PE ratio and
that number divided by the price paid, expressed as a percentage.
This speculative element is the product of the general sentiment
prevailing and the presence of greed and fear amongst the investors.
This is subject to fast changes and this is what makes the markets volatile
and unpredictable and, of course, interesting.
Before we move ahead and discuss this framework in the context of
the performance of the SENSEX during the last 16 years, it would be
helpful to go through the following simple hypothetical example of
situations arising in the real world.

2.3 HYPOTHETICAL STUDY: GROWTH IN EARNINGS
How 20% Growth in Earnings Can Lead to a Weird Set of
Performances:

Let us imagine that there is a company by the name ABC Ltd which has
earnings per share of Rs.10 and is quoting at a PE ratio of 20, resulting
in a stock price of Rs.200. Fast forward one year and imagine that ABC
Ltd grew its earnings by 20%, resulting in earnings per share of Rs.12.
In essence, with the business growing at 20%, what is the type of result
that we can expect ABC Ltd to have generated for its shareholders?
In the present example, the 20% growth in earnings constitutes the
fundamental source of shareholder return. But, the overall result will
also be a function of sentiment prevailing and the behavior of investors
17

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

guided by their emotions of greed
and fear. We discuss below three
distinctive scenarios.

In stock markets analysis
does not work, but the
jobs of the analysts are
always secured.

2.3.1 Stable PE Ratio
Scenario 1 – Stable PE Ratio

Under this scenario, let us assume that the earnings would be appraised
at the same multiple of 20. This would result in the stock price rising to
Rs.240 [earning per share of Rs 12 multiplied by PE multiple of 20]. In
the absence of any speculative element having any impact on the earnings,
the total returns generated by the investor from ABC Ltd would be
indicative of the fundamental aspect of the business alone and nothing else.
Table 2.1 Stable PE Ratio

Scenario 1
Fundamental

20%

Speculative

-

Total Return

20%

Over very long periods of time, the stock price has the tendency to
reflect the true economics of the business. But, over shorter periods of
time, the market has a tendency to see only favorable factors affecting
business, and resulting in high speculative interest, just as at other times,
they have a tendency to focus only on the negative variables affecting
the business and resulting in no speculative interest. Under such
gyrations, the investor who enters such a business during rough patch
for the business or stock markets in general, resulting in low PE ratios,
will not only reap the benefits of fundamental growth in earnings, but
also benefit from the return of speculative interest resulting in re-rating
of the PEs upwards.
2.3.2 PE Ratio Expansion
Under this scenario, let us assume that the earnings would be appraised
at a multiple of 25. This increase in high speculative interest could be
due to various reasons such as, a change in sentiments, expected better
18

Understanding Behavioral Trends

fortunes of the sector or the company, or optimistic outlook of investors.
This results in the overall expansion of market valuations with a
commensurate impact on PE
multiples of companies across the
Investment
success
board.
comes from following the
This would result in the stock
emotionally difficult path.
price rising to Rs.300 [earning per
Do not get carried away by
share of Rs 12 multiplied by PE
market sentiments.
multiple of 25] . The presence of
a speculative element is significant as the total return surpasses the returns
due to fundamental change in the business behind the stock.
Table 2.2 PE Ratio Expansion

Scenario 2
Fundamental

20%

Speculative1

30%

Total Return

50%

Note:

(1)

((EPS at the end of the Year)* (change in PE ratio))
Price Paid
In the present example, it is ((12)*(+5))/200 = Rs.60 (or) 30%.
2.3.3 PE Ratio Contraction
In this scenario, let us assume that the earnings would be appraised at a
multiple of 15. The decrease in speculative interest towards the stock
could result when the sector loses favor or simply the market participants
grow pessimistic about the future prospects of the business.
This would result in the stock price falling to Rs.180 [earning per
share of Rs 12 multiplied by PE multiple of 15]. In spite of the
exceptional fundamental return of 20% generated for shareholders, the
negative speculative element impacted the earnings appraisal in such a
way that the total return generated for the shareholders was – 10%.
19

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance
Table 2.3 PE Ratio Construction

Scenario 3
Fundamental

20%

Speculative1

–30%

Total Return

–10%

Note:

(1)
((EPS at the end of the year)* (change in PE ratio))
Price Paid
In the present case, it is [(12)*(–5)]/[200] = – 30%

2.3.4 Equity Returns and PE
Role of PE Expansion and Contraction in Equity Returns:

The above hypothetical examples drive home the importance of the PE
ratio’s contraction or
expansion to the quality of
returns generated by the The most successful investment
investors. Understanding this money managers like Warren
relationship between stock Buffett, Charlie Munger, Peter
returns and PE ratios helps Lynch owe their success not only
one to identify opportunities to their intellectual ability but
which not only offer also to their discipline and
reasonable prospects of emotional control.
growth, on the fundamental
aspect, but also where a
positive re-appraisal of the earnings in the form of expansion of PE
ratios is possible. In essence, the price paid, and not just the prospects
alone, should determine the quality of returns.
Such opportunities come when investors extrapolate too much into
the future on the announcement of a bad quarter earnings, a reversal in
the economic fundamentals or some act of God. The reversal of a bull
market trend also ignites fear in the minds of investors and makes their
behavior irrational. Mispriced opportunities thus arise, and the wise
20

Understanding Behavioral Trends

investor considers such opportunities as a good value proposition. When
the bull markets return, such irrational investors will be willing to pay
much more than the fundamentals suggest. The wise investor or a value
investor is thus blessed with the exit option. This is how the returns
multiply for a value investor due to irrational investor behavior.

2.4 MAKING SENSE OUT OF SENSEX
It will be interesting to study the returns generated by the BSE Sensex
for the last 16 years. These historic results are very important as they
help us draw some very important lessons.
2.4.1 Objective
The objective is to try and dissect the performance of the Sensex into
two components, fundamental and speculative. The fundamental
component reflects the trend in the earnings behind the corporations
comprising the Sensex and its impact on investment returns. Speculative
component reflects the impact of change in appraisal of earnings, which
is change in PE ratios, due to investor optimism or pessimism and how
this impacts investor returns.
2.4.2 Methodology
The method will become clear once we discuss a year’s record in detail
below.
Dec. 1991 to Dec. 1992:

If one would have bought
Equanimity in times of market
the Sensex on the last
noise will help one to be a
trading day of 1991 at
successful investor.
1,909, one’s capital would
have grown by 37.7% at the end of 1992, as the Sensex closed at 2,615.
What led to the 37.7% return for the Sensex? Was it the superior
performance of the businesses constituting the Sensex? (Or) was it
something else? The following table summarizes the components of
the returns:
21

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance
Table 2.4 Returns from the Sensex (1991–92)
Date Sensex

PE
Total
Ratio Return1

Fundamental
Return2

Speculative Div.
Return3 Yield

EPS

Return

Dec-91 1,909

24.5

–

78

–

–

Dec-92 2,615

31.7

37.7%

82.5

5.8%

31.1%

0.8%

(1) Total Return = (Fundamental Return) + (Speculative Return) +
(Dividend Yield)
(2) Fundamental Return:
The earning per share, for the Sensex, was Rs.78 when it was trading at
1,909 at the end of 1991. This discounts the earning at 24.5. Fastforward one year to the end of 1992, the EPS was Rs.82.5. Presuming
that at the end of 1992, the Sensex was discounting the earnings at the
same multiple of 24.5; the Sensex would have been trading at 2021.
This would have delivered a return of 5.8%.
Table 2.5 Analysis of Fundamental Return

1991

1992

Sensex EPS

78

82.5

Sensex PE

24.5

24.5

Est. Sensex

1909

2021

Total Return

5.8%

This 5.8% represents the contribution of fundamental change in the
total return for the Sensex.
(3) Speculative Return:
But the PE ratios are subject to change as the expectations and sentiments
of investors change. In the present example, the PE ratio at the end of
1992 was not 24.5 but 31.7. The impact this change in PE ratio has on
investor return is speculative in nature because this change, in part, is
subject to fear and greed of the market participants from time to time
and not predictable over a one-year period.
Accordingly, the impact of change in PE ratio on the overall return
for the shareholder in 1992 can be calculated using the following formula:
22

Understanding Behavioral Trends

((EPS at the end of 1992)* (change in PE ratio))
Price Paid
That is,
((82.5)*(7.2)) / 1909 = 31.1%
Thus, it can be seen that the total return of 37.7% for the Sensex during
the 1991–92 period was a combination of fundamental change to the
extent of 5.8%, on the back of increase in earnings, plus 0.8% dividend
payable during that period. The remaining 31.1% was the result of
change in the market’s view about stocks in general.
Moreover, in 1992 there was a case of positive change in PE ratio,
i.e., expansion of PE ratio. On the other hand, if there is a contraction
of PE ratio, then the impact on total return for the Sensex is negative.
This is reflected in the ‘Speculative Return’ column with a positive
speculative return indicating ‘PE Expansion’ and negative speculative
return indicating ‘PE Contraction.’
2.4.3 Results
Based on the methodology described above, we have analyzed the return
for the Sensex as a whole into fundamental and speculative sources for
the last 16 years from 1992 to 2007 as shown in the table below.
Table 2.6 Returns from the Sensex (1991–2007)

Date

Dec-91
Dec-92
Dec-93
Dec-94
Dec-95
Dec-96
Dec-97
Dec-98
Dec-99

Sensex

1,909
2,615
3,346
3,927
3,110
3,085
3,659
3,055
5,006

PE
Ratio
24.5
31.7
40
34.5
16
12.2
13.5
12.1
21.7

Total
Return1

Fundamental
Return2
EPS

Return

78
37.7%
82.5
28.9%
83.6
18.1% 113.8
(–19.7%) 194.2
0.7%
252.6
20.1% 270.8
(-14.7%) 252.4
65.1% 230.5

–
5.8%
1.3%
36.1%
70.7%
30.1%
7.2%
–6.8%
–8.7%

23

Speculative
Return3

Div.
Yield

–
31.1%
26.6%
–18.7%
–91.5%
–30.9%
11.4%
–9.7%
72.4%

–
0.8%
1.0%
0.7%
1.1%
1.5%
1.5%
1.8%
1.4%
(Contd.)

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance
Date

Sensex

PE
Total
Ratio Return1

Fundamental
Return2
EPS

Speculative
Return3

Div.
Yield

–5.5%
–24.0%
–7.8%
39.3%
–11.9%
11.5%
27.0%
26.0%

1.1%
1.8%
2.1%
2.1%
2.0%
1.5%
1.3%
1.1%

Return

Dec-00 3,972 20.3 (–19.5%) 195.6 –15.1%
Dec-01 3,262 15.7 (–16.1%) 207.6 6.1%
Dec-02 3,377 14.6
5.6%
231.1 11.3%
Dec-03 5,839 18.9
75.0% 308.7 33.6%
Dec-04 6,603 17.1
15.1%
386
25.0%
Dec-05 9,398 18.6
43.8%
505
30.8%
Dec-06 13,787 22.8
48.0% 604.5 19.7%
Dec-07 20,287 27.7
48.2% 732.2 21.1%

Notes:
(1) Total Return = (Fundamental Return) + (Speculative Return)
+ (Dividend Yield)
(2) Fundamental Return = Percentage change in Earning per Share,
year on year.
(3) Speculative Return:

((EPS at the end of the Year)* (change in PE ratio))
Price Paid
1991 saw the liberalization of the Indian economy, which was greeted
with enthusiasm by the stock markets, and we had the Harshad Mehta
boom. There was no change in the fundamental returns of the companies
but the sentiment had changed, leading to widespread optimism. This
is reflected in the above table when one sees that speculative return in
1992 was 31.1% as against a measly fundamental return of just 5.8%.
This fundamental return dipped to just 1.3%, but the speculative interest
was 26.6%.
However, from 1994 to 1996 the fundamental return started going
up but the speculative returns were highly negative, signifying irrational
investor behavior.
Again, during the tech boom in 1999/2000 we notice a high level of
speculative activity but a decrease in fundamental returns. However,
this was only in the technology sector, and lasted for just a couple of years.
From 1994 to 2003, we had a prolonged bear market where in spite
of a rise in fundamental returns, the lack of investor interest and
24

Understanding Behavioral Trends

pessimism is evident with high negative speculative returns barring a
stray couple of years.
From 2003 onwards, the sentiment started improving as good
corporate results started flowing in. The fundamental returns began
improving and so did the speculative returns. The bullish conditions
were back and investor interest in stocks started soaring. Along with
this the growth in GDP, increased Foreign Institutional Investor(FII)
interest, the commodities boom and a host of other positive news as
well as reforms of the economy took the index up from 2,800 in 2003
to 21,000 in January 2008. Such high speculative returns were backed
by fundamental returns also and the ratio of speculative to fundamental
returns in 2005 – 2007 is quite balanced and not as skewed as we saw in
1992/1993.
The above study clearly depicts how investor behavior affects stock
prices. If one understands this, one will be able to benefit by making
rational investment decisions and at the same time benefit from other’s
irrationality.

2.5 KEY LESSONS
2.5.1 What Makes Investing Risky?
A look at the above study highlights that during the 16 year period
under consideration, corporate earnings have shown a steady growth,
resulting in a compounded rate of return of around 16%, as reflected in
the earnings per share. During this period, the earnings have experienced
a decline only during the 3 years from 1998 to 2000, which is explained
by the fact that many good profitable companies comprising the Sensex
were replaced by low profit-making, information technology companies
just because the IT sector happened to be a “fancy” sector. Investors
were willing to pay excessively high multiples for such stocks in the hope
of good profits coming in the future.
Even this drop in earnings, can be considered as an aberration. It can
thus be concluded that earnings in general have been consistent, reliable
and good during the last 16 years. This fact is reflected in the compounded
return of 18% delivered by the Sensex during the same period.
25

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

The yearly return from the Sensex was, however, anything but
consistent due to irrational investor behavior. This highlights an
important factor pertaining to equity investing. The returns not only
depend on the earnings of the corporations constituting the Sensex but
also on the changes in the PE ratios.
2.5.2 Acquisition Price Determines Stock Returns
The change in PE ratios over a period of time signifies the change in
sentiments of the investors. These changes could be due to several factors
like the change in business environment, change in the fortunes of a
company, changes in sectoral performance, macroeconomic factors,
government deregulation and overall optimism or pessimism.
These factors can bring in great opportunities for an investor waiting
for such behavioral mispricing. This is amply evident if we look at the
stellar performance of companies from 1995 to 1997 and the returns
on the Sensex. These three years presented immense opportunities as
tremendous amount of pessimism prevailed in the markets. The negative
speculative element virtually threw up great bargains.
Table 2.7 Returns from Sensex (1994–97)
Date Sensex

PE
Total
Ratio Return

Dec-94 3,927
Dec-95 3,110
Dec-96 3,085
Dec-97 3,659

34.5
–
16 (–19.7%)
12.2 0.7%
13.5 20.1%

Fundamental
Return
EPS
Return
113.8
–
194.2
70.7%
252.6
30.1%
270.8
7.2%

Speculative
Return

Div.
Yield

–
–91.5%
–30.9%
11.4%

–
1.1%
1.5%
1.5%

During this period, the corporate earnings grew from Rs.113.8 at
the end of 1994 to Rs.270.8 at the end of 1997 translating into a 33.6%
CAGR for earnings. However, the Sensex dropped from 3,927 at the
end of 1994 to 3,659 at the end of 1997 resulting in a negative –6.8%
return. As we add the dividends received during this period amounting
to 4.1%, we get a negative –2.7 return from the Sensex.
What explains this anomaly of 33.6% CAGR for earnings translating
into –2.7% return for shareholders?
During the year 1994 excessive optimism prevailed and investors were
willing to pay high valuations, which are reflected in the high PE of
26

Understanding Behavioral Trends

34.5. However, this high PE prohibited the fundamental performance
from being translated in to commensurate returns for the shareholders.
During the years 1995/6/7 investors benefited immensely as the prices
they paid were much below the fundamental values due to excessive
pessimism.
It is the acquisition price that determines stock returns.
2.5.3 Mr. Market Oscillates between Greed and Fear
The above anomaly was not a oneoff case. It repeats as the markets sway
between optimism and pessimism.
Markets are made up of emotional people whose decisions are based
upon the prevailing sentiments in the environment. At times they display
greed and at other times this greed is displaced by fear. Bouts of greed
and fear make the stock prices volatile and investors get trapped in such
volatility to lose fortunes.
During the period 2001 to 2002, the corporate earnings grew at 8.8%
CAGR (Compound Annual Growth Rate) from Rs.195.6 at the end of
2000 to Rs. 231.1 at the end of 2002, but the Sensex delivered a negative
–14.9% return to the investors. It slipped from 3,972 at the end of
2000 to 3,377 in 2002. As we add the dividends received during this
period amounting to 3.9%, we get a negative –11% return from the Sensex.
Table 2.8 Returns form the Sensex (2000–02)

Date

Sensex

Dec-00 3,972
Dec-01 3,262
Dec-02 3,377

PE
Ratio

Total
Return

Fundamental
Return

20.3
–
15.7 (–16.1%)
14.6
5.6%

EPS
195.6
207.6
231.1

Speculative
Return

Div
Yield

Return
–
–
–
6.1% –24.0% 1.8%
11.3% –7.8% 2.1%

Corporate performance and shareholders performance can be diagonally
opposite. It is the behavioral traits of the investor in particular and the
crowd behavior of the markets in general which makes equity investing
appear a risky proposition.
Being aware and keeping one’s emotions under control and at the
same time understanding others’ behavioral anomalies enables a wise
investor to identify bargains.
27

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

2.5.4 Your Discipline
It is not the fundamental performance alone which determines the
returns, but also the price one pays for those set of fundamentals. Paying
25 times recent earnings for a business and then expecting it to grow at
25% over the next few years, can expose you to disappointments on
two fronts. Firstly, if and when earnings turn out to be below
expectations, say below 25%, and secondly, losing on the speculative
return front, that is, change in the PEs.
Being disciplined in your investment approach is very important.
You don’t get opportunities everyday and one must be prepared and
ready with the money when opportunities come. It so happens that
investors tend to chase stocks when they get tips and they are so much
stuck up with expensive stocks that when the markets tank and
opportunities arise they don’t have the money.
Real discipline and courage is: you buy when you emotionally do not
feel like buying, and sell when your heart says no but the mind and the
logic say yes.

2.6 SUCCESSFUL INVESTING
Why is Successful Investing so Difficult?

The most difficult part is understanding the behavior of the stock
markets. Why is that so? Because markets are made on the basis of
varied opinions expressed by their participants. These opinions are subject
to change with the changes in the sentiments of these emotional people.
It’s the crowd behavior that dominates the decision-making and is
responsible for the sudden changes in the sentiments.
Take for instance the “black Monday” in May 2004 when the markets
lost around 700 points as the election results brought the Congress to
power. What precipitated this huge fall? Had anything gone drastically
wrong with the performance of the companies whose stock prices
crashed? Definitely no. But the sentiment changed. BJP going out of
power was a big change and normally we do not like changes. Hence,
there was gloom all around and people started dumping stocks as though
there was going to be no future. The markets started crashing on
28

Understanding Behavioral Trends

reflexivity as each one wanted to get out faster than his neighbour. Herd
mentality was at work and no rational thinking would work.
Or take the case of the Technology boom in 1999–2000. Profits did
not matter and people were willing to pay ridiculous valuations for
technology stocks on the basis of eyeballs and future dreams. We saw
small internet start-ups gobbling up decades-old companies. AOL
acquired Time Warner. The sentiment towards Technology was very
bullish and when this sentiment changed the prices of these stocks came
crashing down, leading to investors losing fortunes. Investors stopped
being irrational and this led to some sanity in stock prices.
A similar situation arose in January 2008 when the market touched a
dizzy height of 21,000 ignoring all the global negatives of US subprime
crisis, asset inflation, falling US dollar, income inequalities, rising
inflationary pressures due to rising oil prices etc. However, all of a sudden
within two months the market was down to 16,000 as investor sentiment
changed drastically.
What happened to all the analysts and their analysis? In stock markets
analysis does not work, but the jobs of the analysts are always secured.
Imagine yourself being emotionally strong and you bought when the
others were panicky. You didn’t require any analysts or their analysis.
You used your emotional intelligence. You would end up making a
huge fortune. But, this seems easy only in hindsight. At that point of
time to go against the crowd is the most difficult but the most sensible
thing to do.
It is evidently clear that the stock prices do not reflect only the
fundamental value of a company but also the speculative value, that is,
the built-in expectation of the investors. These may be highly optimistic
or highly pessimistic. Thus it becomes important to understand what is
the right way to invest. Understanding what the majority of the investors
do should guide us on what not to do. Going against the crowd is the
way to earn high investment returns.
2.6.1 Ninety Percent Follow the Physical Way
Investment success eludes you when you do what 90% of the people are
doing. Follow the physically difficult path. They come to the office
early and stay late. They do not know what their children are doing as
29

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

they don’t have time for them. They choose work over the family. They
read a large number of reports very rapidly. They carry all the newspapers
with them so that they can read them whenever time permits them.
Their talk revolves on finding the next best investment opportunity to
make money. They go for company visits and plant visits. They talk to
the management to know more about their companies. They are in
touch with a number of brokers as they believe that the more brokers
they talk to, the more efficient they will be in making money in the
stock markets. They love to have more and more information as it gives
them a feeling of being well-connected and better informed. They love
to be in an information-overload mode. They thrive on confusion. They
are continuously monitoring stock price movements. At office they are
in front of the terminals and watching the stock price movements. At
office they try to catch the CNBC news and at home they are again
excited about the NASDAQ movements. They carry huge reports home
at night, determined to read them before the next day. When they are
mobile they are busy on the mobile phones. They love to hear market
gossip and are always excited on hearing rumors. They tend to make
decisions based on gossip, rumors, and news. News regarding political
development, monsoon forecasts, inflation figures, change in minister’s
portfolios, and GDP growth plays an important role in their lives. They
tend to always look at opportunities to time the markets on such news.
In every way they put tremendous amount of physical energy and effort
to try to beat the market by outworking the competition. But they don’t
realize that this is the most mediocre thing to do, since 90% of the
investors are also doing the same thing.
Unfortunately, professional and qualified investors also come into this
category. One reason is that they are as prone to behavioral biases as any
other layman and secondly due to their organizational compulsions which
lay more stress on short-term performance rather than long-term one.
The physically difficult way is more about trying to time the markets,
finding the direction of the markets and getting as much information as
possible to make investment decisions. Trying to do so many things
only results in information overload. This clouds the mind and distorts
thinking. Good opportunities come once in a while and you spot them
only when you are cool and thus have the time to think. The physically
difficult way assumes that there are a lot of opportunities there and you
30

Understanding Behavioral Trends

have to be digging hard to be successful at investing. The current volatility
in the markets is the result of too many people trying to invest following
the physically difficult way. Life is simple. We make it complicated.
2.6.2 Ten Percent Follow the Emotional Way
Investment success comes from following the emotionally difficult path.
When your friends tell you about a great investment opportunity, which
could be a ten-bagger, and they feel that it is a great time to buy or an
opportunity will be lost: don’t buy. When your favorite TV channel
everyday has analysts talking about great investment opportunities don’t
buy. When your broker calls you up and asks you to buy a great tenbagger don’t take the bait. When the newspapers talk about the stock
markets offering great investment opportunities, please be wary of such
news. When your neighbours talk to you about how the stock markets
have made them rich in the last couple of months, avoid the temptation
of buying. When you hear stories of how people have created great
wealth in the stock markets in a short span, don’t make the mistake of
following them. When your banker starts offering you credit facility
against your shares to buy more shares do not jump on such deals to
buy more shares. Be absolutely uninterested.
When they tell you that the market is going to crash and the stock
prices will nose dive; don’t sell. When the analysts on the TV show talk
about selling, stocks don’t sell. When newspapers start reporting the
setting of a bear phase and ask you to liquidate your portfolio, don’t
sell. When your neighbours are busy exiting the stock markets, don’t
follow them. When your broker asks you to sell as he sees bad times
ahead, do not listen to his advice and sell. When you hear only gloomy
news around you and find that people are exiting the stock markets,
don’t exit.
Be absolutely disinterested. Here you do not require any intellectual
effort or any physical effort, but for most people emotional discipline is
the most difficult. Do not get carried away by market sentiments. They
only help you to make blunders. Try to control your emotions. Try not
to follow the herd. Believe in yourself and the investment policy you
have committed yourself to. On the contrary, it would pay to go against
the popular opinion. When others are greedy be fearful and when others
are fearful be greedy.
31

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

The emotionally difficult path lays stress on the virtue of patience as
it considers the long-term approach to investments. Stress is on the cash
flow approach to investments. Patience focuses an investor’s attention
on the goal of compounding money over a long period. Compounding
can be magic even when the compounding rate is modest. To give an
example: if one were to compound money at a modest rate of 7% the
money would double at the end of 10 years and it would be 16 times at
the end of 40 years. Patience also helps one to control the transaction
costs. The more you churn your portfolio the more you pay the broker
in terms of brokerage and of course the government has its share of the
revenue on the capital gains you make. Then you also have costs like
depositary charges, transaction tax and service tax. All these costs could
be avoided if one has patience.
The emotionally difficult path requires an understanding of how our
emotions guide our decision-making especially when we are dealing
with money.
The most successful investment money managers like Warren Buffett,
Charlie Munger, Peter Lynch —to name a few —owe their success not
only to their intellectual ability but also to their discipline and emotional
control.

2.7 CONCLUSION
In any given year, one might turn out to be a winner or a loser, because
of the changes in speculative interest driving the markets, but it is the
long run which separates a true investor from a speculator. Just as an
investor would try and be subdued during periods of optimism because
his fixation is not only on the recent twelve months’ profit and next
year’s expectation but on the long-term trend of the earnings and
profitability of the enterprises, a speculator will be fixated on the recent
earnings and growth projections and be ready to pay a high premium
for the current set of earnings, leaving him in a position where he might
not be able to reap the profits of even a fundamentally superior
performance just because he paid many times over the recent earnings
leaving the prospective earnings to catch up a lot of ground in terms of
growth rates and profitability ratios.
32

Understanding Behavioral Trends

On the other hand, a true investor would wait for the period of
optimism to subside and choose from opportunities, wherein the future
is not favorably discounted into the price, leaving the stock price to
catch up with the business fundamentals by means of PE expansion. All
the while he would also look for companies where the fundamentals
might continue to flourish just as well-creating a double-whammy for
him. For one, increase in earnings which will contribute to fundamental
returns and two, positive speculative interest towards the stock or sectors,
over time, resulting in expansion of earnings from low PE to moderate
or high PE ratios and superior returns.
The fact that equity as an asset class has given handsome returns but
investors have fared poorly only points out the fickle-minded behavior
of investors. We need to understand that we are human beings having a
heart and a mind. We need to take decisions from our mind. If we use
the mind then we know if a stock is expensive or not, whether we are
paying for its fundamental value or not, the amount of speculative interest
and its reflection in the price, the value you are getting as regards the
price you are paying and the general sentiment of the markets, whether
bullish or bearish.
However, when you use the heart you tend to go with the herd and
do what they are doing. If everyone is buying, you start buying and thus
buy expensive. Similarly, if everyone is selling you sell and thus sell
cheap. You get moved by the market emotions as you become a part of
the crowd and do foolish things, which harm your financial interests.
You chase stocks as you become greedy when others are greedy and end
up buying stocks at high prices. In reality you must be greedy when
others are fearful so you can buy stocks at good valuations.
Being emotional beings, we tend to make decisions out of our heart
and these may not be in our best financial interest. This emotional
behavior becomes very evident in the stock markets as we sway between
our basic emotions of greed and fear. With stock markets being volatile
in nature and the end results being all about making or losing money,
our emotions become volcanic. Money ignites our greed and fear. The
challenge for an investor to be successful is to control ones emotions
and not be swayed by emotional outbursts. Equanimity in times of
market noise will help one to be a successful investor.

33

THREE
3

BEHAVIORAL OBSTACLES
TO VALUE INVESTING
Behavioral Finance
Asset Allocation and Risk Aversion

Valuation: A Difficult Process

Conclusion
Behavioral
Obstacles to
Value Investing

Value Investing

Waht constitutes Stock Retums?
Good Company V/S Good Stock

Retums

Growth Stock

Investment Styles

Growth is not Retums

Growth Investing

3.1 Behavioral Finance
3.2 Asset Allocation and Risk Aversion
3.3 Investment Styles
3.4 Returns
3.5 Conclusion

Error of Judgment
Behavioral obstacles for Pursuing Well Run Companies = Good
Investments
Value Strategies
Instant Gratification
Loss Aversion
Valuation Heuristics
Availability Heuristics
Follow the Herd
Behavioral Traits for Pursuing Chasing Fads and Fancies
Growth Strategies
Novelty Over Famillarity
Instant Gratification
Rationalization Trap
Expectations Investing

Behavioral Obstacles to Value Investing

3.1 BEHAVIORAL FINANCE
What is Behavioral Finance?

Behavioral finance is an emerging field that combines the understanding
of behavioral and cognitive psychology with financial decision-making
processes. The traditional economic theory we understand talks about
efficient markets and people making rational decisions to maximize
profits. However, this new emerging school of behavioral economists
argues that markets are not efficient, especially in the short run, and
people do not make rational decisions to maximize profits. Human beings
are susceptible to numerous behavioral anomalies, which become
counter-productive to the wealth-maximization principle leading to
irrational behavior.
What has Behavioral Finance got to do with Investing?

Just reflecting on our own investment decisions and the mistakes made
in the past would highlight the essence of behavioral finance. Most
common of these mistakes involve selling winners too soon and holding
onto losers, buying expensive stocks, getting anxious on seeing our
investments quote at a discount to our purchase price translating into
quotational losses, buying when others are buying and selling because
others are selling. These examples of investor behavior are not to be
taken lightly. Just as any game involves overcoming the opponents; the
game of investing involves dealing successfully with one’s own emotional
indiscipline to come out victorious. It is not that the great investors do
not suffer from these behavioral anomalies; it is just that they understand
the importance of emotions while investing and train themselves out of
acting emotionally. As the legendary investor, Warren Buffett has
observed, “It is only when you combine sound intellect with emotional
discipline that you get rational behavior.”
An understanding of how our emotions result in irrational behavior
is indispensable for any investor. The study of behavioral anomalies
helps an investor accomplish just that task.
My experience in the stock markets for the last 30 years has taught
me one very important lesson. Intelligence and brilliance carries the
37

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

day, but it is the wisdom that endures. This wisdom is a product of
various factors:
1. Learning from one’s own experiences and mistakes.
2. Using common sense.
3. Wisdom gained from the literature of past successful investors
like Benjamin Graham, Warren Buffett, Peter Lynch, to name a
few.
4. One’s ability to control one’s emotions and understand the
emotions of others.
5. Discipline and ability to stay in the course in spite of all the
temptations.
We live in a world where everything is a business and that includes
education. Business schools are busy promoting academic studies in the
field of investment and money management, and a lot of academic work
has been done giving birth to new financial paradigms. Students of
major business schools are taught about the Modern Portfolio Theory,
the Efficient Market Theory and Beta coefficient. In my humble opinion
this is garbage in and garbage out. These qualifications are good to help
you get good jobs in large faceless organizations but they are a big zero
when it comes to investments in the real world. However, these business
schools send these overconfident students armed with knowledge and a
degree, which is worthless in the real world of investments.
In recent years, two schools of thought have emerged as regards
investments. The first is highly empirical and is based on academic studies
that show that stocks have outperformed bonds, and that value
outperforms both growth and the popular stock market indices over
long periods of time.
We did a study of the BSE Sensex stock returns from 1979 to find a
healthy return of 19.67% compounded as against the Public Provident
Fund (substitute for bonds) return of around 10.40% (Fig. 3.1).
Stocks do outperform safe fixed income securities like bonds, but value
outperforms both bonds and the popular indices. Value investing definitely
provides superior returns compared to all other investment styles.
38

Behavioral Obstacles to Value Investing

Fig. 3.1 Returns from the Stocks vs PPF (1979–2006)
If value investing works, then why do a majority of individual and
professional investors ignore the
empirical evidence and follow Value investing definitely
different investment strategies? provides superior returns
Considerable study is being compared to all other
done in this field, which is investment styles.
dominated by some of the
leading behavioral psychologists. Behavioral finance is emerging as a
favorite topic at conferences.
Value investing strategies and an understanding of the basics of
behavioral finance form the basic pillars for a successful long-term investor.

3.2 ASSET ALLOCATION AND RISK AVERSION
Why do money managers not take time to develop a valid set of
investment principles? This is the topic addressed by behavioralists to
understand the rationality of human actions.
In fact, asset allocation is the first step an investor should take before
even choosing how to invest. The ability to understand the risk-reward
ratio discounted in various asset classes is critical in designing an asset
allocation strategy. Fixation only on risk, without considering rewards
is a result of risk-averse behavior exhibited by vast majority of people
leading to over-exposure to bonds.
39

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

We have seen, however, that equities have outperformed the secured
fixed income securities by 9.2%. This equity return premium would
more than compensate for the risk associated with equities. However,
investor preference for high yield bonds only shows that the investors
are risk averse.
The three integral sources of
Lately, financial planning
value are assets, earnings and
has become a fashion, and the
growth.
best way to be self-employed
is to pass an exam in financial
planning and get a degree and become a financial planner. Moreover,
organizations consider financial planning as another service from their
basket of offerings.
Financial planning is all about asset allocation. When I glance through
the financial plans of my clients prepared by their financial planners, I
am amused at the fact that most follow a fixed pattern of x% in fixedincome securities and y% in equities irrespective of the clients’ needs
and the financial positions. Of course, insurance also has a sizable
component to cover the sense of safety. Moreover, if a very illustrious
plan with different investment proposals is not presented there is a
likelihood of losing the account.
The point I wish to make is that when equity returns have been so
phenomenal, why are money managers and financial planners reluctant
to go for equities.
The answer is again risk aversion. It is worth noticing, moreover,
that a bond can turn out to be a risky investment, in an inflationary
enviornement, and equities can turn out to be a safe-haven, if wisely
chosen and held onto with patience.

3.3 INVESTMENT STYLES
The vast majority of money managers are categorized as either value
managers or growth managers. Most of the money management firms
believe in providing an asset allocation approach, and hence it is
important for them to provide different styles of investing. It also works
as a hedge for their business.
Too few managers take the pain and the trouble to analyze the
fundamental characteristics of portfolios that produce long-term beating
40

Behavioral Obstacles to Value Investing

results and develop a set of investment principles and strategies based
on such studies. This requires hard work and a lot of patience. This is
value investing. Even the few who do follow value investing ultimately
lose the conviction to stay in the course and get swayed by the noise of
the markets.
Most managers are enamored of the glamour of the markets and the
lure of a quick buck. No hard work and wait. They chase the fancies of
the market in the name of growth stock and term themselves as growth
investors. Since they do not do any homework and if asked about the
wisdom of paying an awfully
People tend to take more risks
high price for a stock, they
justify the action by saying
simply to avoid acknowledging
that it is a growth stock.
a certain loss and avoid taking
extra risk even if it entails a
The stock markets judge
higher profit potential.
these fund managers on a
daily basis at the close of the
market hours. In such a situation, more action and activity is demanded.
Preference is for growth stock investing over value investing.
Process versus Outcome:

In the stock markets, a small percentage of people end up being successful
in the long run whereas a majority of the people, in spite of being
successful in the short run, end up losing money in the long run. It is
only natural that people end up copying the tactics of the unsuccessful
more often than these deserve to be followed. The reason is that people
follow the outcome rather than the process.
The confirmation that Ramesh has made a fortune last Friday by
buying stocks before noon and selling at 3pm is enough to convince a
majority of the people that it is the right path. We must understand
that chance plays a crucial role in the determination of an outcome in a
singular event. But, in a sequence of events the role of chance diminishes
and it is the process that plays the crucial role.
In the technology boom if one had tried to understand the basics of
the valuation of the IT companies, one would have concluded that eye
balls do not matter but profits do. However, in the name of growth
everyone was chasing technology stocks at any price. The ensuing disaster
is well known.

41

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

3.3.1 Value Investing
“Price is what you pay, Value is what you get.” Benjamin Graham

What is Value Investing? The price of a stock is dependent on the
expectations of the people in the market. In bullish times people are
willing to pay a higher price to own a piece of the company and in
bearish times they are willing to pay much less. That is the reason value
investors buy stocks during bearish times as the expectations of investors
are running low. Or, alternatively, during bullish times they are looking
at good neglected stocks,
Growth stock investing is
which are out of favor with
the investors.
based on hunches, dreams,
illusions or popular opinion.
When one buys a stock,
one is buying a business. It is
They are better termed as
necessary to understand that
‘dream stocks’.
the business is good and
sustainable. Its earnings stream is also predictable. The price the investor
pays for this business is important. A value investor will buy this business
at a much lower value than the fundamentals justify.
There are many different ways of valuing a business. A prudent value
investor would apply different modes of valuations depending on the
businesses and do the hard work of looking into the future. He would
buy when he believes that the price he is paying is much less than the
current valuation of the company.
The value investing process requires the hard work of estimating future
cash inflows and outflows, discounting them at an appropriate rate that
can be expected to occur during the remaining life of the asset. This
requires a good understanding of both the business and the environment
to make the current assumptions.
Unfortunately, we live in a world where quick fixes are the order of
the day and no one has the time to go through the hard work.
One major distinction on value one should bear in mind is between
“value in use” and “value in exchange”. Water has good value in use
while gold has good value in exchange. This is the trap where investors
bought technology stocks only to lose fortunes. Software was useful,
but did not command much value in exchange.
Valuation: A Difficult Process

The process of valuation is easy to explain, but its efficient
implementation is hard, as it requires making predictions about the
42

Behavioral Obstacles to Value Investing

future cash inflows and outflows for any given business. Moreover, the
assumptions on the future of the business cycle and its sustainability are
hard to come by. The three integral sources of value are assets, earnings
and growth.
Even if one were prepared to do the hard work of valuation, one
would require a lot of courage to stay the course. Along with the hard
work, patience and discipline are integral attributes of a value investor.
Behavioral Obstacles for Pursuing Value Strategies
Error of Judgment

Herd behavior is one of the
“Putting excessive weight on
reasons that growth stocks go
recent past history, as
up very fast and attract
opposed to a rational prior,
investor attraction. They also
is a common judgment error
fall very fast as the herd comes
in psychological experiments
to sell.
and not just the stock
markets.”
Lakonishak, Schleifer and Vishney in their paper titled “Contrarian
Investment, Extrapolation and Risk” (1994), have made an analysis of
why more investors do not pursue value strategies. One reason is that
they may not be aware of the data despite evidence going back to the
work of Graham and Dodd (1934) or that much of the evidence is
refuted by the conclusions offered by consultants that value and growth
perform equally over time. The authors further conjecture that the
superior performance of value strategies versus what they call “glamor”
or growth strategies is the preference for glamor strategies by both
individual and institutional investors based on their disposition to
extrapolate recent past performance with future performance.
Well-run Companies = Good Investments

Institutional investors are smart, but inspite of that why are they prone
to judgement bias and invest in good well-known companies? Common
sense would say that institutional investors prefer better companies, as
they are prudent investments. But the catch lies in the competition. He
is more concerned about doing things right than doing the right thing.
He wants to go with the herd. If a fund manager bought an obscure
company and if it performed badly he is likely to lose his job. However,
if he bought a blue chip like Hindustan Lever and if it did badly, it did
43

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

not matter much as everyone owned Hindustan Lever. The fact that
investment risk is less a function of the individual company than the
price of its stock is not recognized by investors.
Instant Gratification

The allure of immediate gratification plays an important part in investors’
stock preferences. Value stocks require patience and take longer to work
out than investors who are seeking more immediate, abnormal returns
are willing to wait. This behavioral trait explains the popularity of
momentum investment strategies.
Value buying is more of a philosophy of buying what is out of favor.
From 2001 to 2003, the stocks were out of favor and many value stocks
were available. Today, oil and refining sectors are very hot and hence
the stock prices are also at fancy valuations. However, two stocks BPCL
and HPCL are available cheap. They are not the flavor of the markets as
their profitability is affected due to government control on their selling
prices. However, the government is issuing oil bonds to compensate for
the losses. It’s a question of time for the anomaly to be corrected. These
stocks could excite a value investor in this sector.
However, money managers will refrain from buying such stocks.
Sticking their neck out could lead to short-term underperformance and
perhaps a loss of bonus or even a job. It is this fear and the general
market trend that makes value investors a scarce species.
Adhering to value principles is a difficult task. You are derided for
not adapting to a changing world and failing to understand the new
paradigms. During the technology boom how many times we heard of
the advent of the new economy? The old rules of investing were of no
relevance. Eyeballs and not profits were the valuation parameters of
internet companies.
Common sense says that a business strategy that cannot produce a
profit means that the business is worth zero.
Loss Aversion

The famous psychologists, Daniel Kahneman and Amos Tversky, who
are sometimes referred to as fathers of behavioral finance, postulated
the prospect theory, which explains that people tend to take more risks
simply to avoid acknowledging a certain loss and avoid taking extra risk
even if it entails a higher profit potential.
44

Behavioral Obstacles to Value Investing

As an investor, each one of us experiences this to varying magnitude.
Say one buys a stock and after a year it is trading at half the value.
Going ahead, the fortunes of the company do not seem to be bright
either. What are the chances of one to sell and booking the loss? Very
few. Most of us have been in this position and we believe that it is better
to hold on till the price appreciates. Or we even buy more on the pretext
of averaging the cost of purchase. This is due to loss aversion. The pain
of a loss is three times more than an equal amount of pleasure. Hence
we are not able to acknowledge loss when we have one. This same
anomaly also makes us sell the winners very fast. Hence we always end
up holding the losers and selling the winners.
To successfully implement a value strategy, one has to learn to deal
with such impulses because the volatility in markets can test one more
often than one can bear to handle.
Valuation Heuristics

“Heuristics are simple efficient rules of the thumb which have been proposed
to explain how people make decisions, come to judgments and solve problems,
typically when facing complex problems or incomplete information. These
rules work well under most circumstances, but in certain cases lead to
systematic cognitive biases” - Daniel Kahneman
Heuristics are the short cut the brain takes when processing
information. It does not process full information. This leads to cognitive
biases.
Discounted cash flow analysis is the appropriate way of valuing a
company. However this requires a lot of hard work in understanding
the business dynamics and making the relevant assumptions to come to
a fair valuation.
The stock markets move very fast and the lure of making a fast buck
before the neighbor does is so great that short cuts or the rules of the
thumb have become the innovations of the valuation game. These are
so widely used that they have become the benchmark for the industry.
Some of the valuation heuristics are as follows:

1. Price/Earnings Heuristic:
PE ratios are the most commonly used valuation metric. Almost all the
analyst reports circulating take note of it either on trailing earnings
45

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

performance or historic performance. One noticeable misconception is
that a low PE stock is a cheap stock and a high PE stock is an expensive
stock. However, along with that one has also to look at other important
factors such as return on equity and future growth expectations. The
perception gap also plays an important role in the valuations of companies.
2. Price/Book Value Heuristics:
Another common misconception is that low P/BV ratio represents cheap
stock. However it is important to look at other variables rather than
follow this blindly. For example, a business whose assets earn around
6% on its equity and is also expected to do so in the future with interest
rates at 10%, deserves to sell at a discount to the book value and in no
way can be called a cheap stock. Alternatively, a business earning 24%
return on equity and expected to do so in the future with interest rates
around10% deserves to sell at a premium to its book value. Moreover, a
business selling at close to its book value, with the business expected to
maintain its return on equity and grow in the future would beat many
other investment opportunities in businesses selling at lower P/BV ratios.
3. Price/Sales Heuristics:
Generally, price/sales ratios are used to compare investment opportunities
within the same industry. But, this is not accorded its proper weight
when one does not take into account the fact that two businesses
generating different returns on capital employed and expected to perform
differently in future, deserve to quote at different multiples to sales.
Capital structure also influences the multiples assigned to the ratios.
This is very important when one looks at commodity stocks.
Although these valuation ratios are widely used and quoted extensively,
they are based on incomplete information and thus do not serve to give
the right answers.
3.3.2 Growth Investing
Growth stock investing is more of a philosophy of buying what is popular.
During the technology boom internet retailing stocks were glamorous.
The stock market loved them. Hence, one paid a heavy price to own them.
When one cannot justify the high valuation of a stock one would
argue that it is a growth stock and hence expensive.

46

Behavioral Obstacles to Value Investing

For any stock to be a growth stock it has first to be a value stock.
Value and growth are inseparable.
Many investors and managers alike don’t understand the true impact
of growth on the value of the company. Compensation packages linked
to profitability increases indicate the magnitude of the widespread
misconception that growth, irrespective of the amount of capital required,
creates wealth for the shareholders.
A good example in the Indian markets is that of financial services
firms which are chased as growth stocks because of a sustained bull run
in the market for the last four years. They command high valuations. A
highly brokered market with severe competition is bringing down the
brokerage rates and at the same time the compensation packages are
hitting the roof due to a heavy demand for managers and analysts. On
January 4, 2008, a newly listed full service brokerage firm Motilal Oswal
Financial Services Ltd. enjoyed a market capitalization of Rs. 6128 crores,
which was close to the combined market capitalization of multinational
giants, Gillette and Proctor and Gamble, at Rs. 6795 crores. The former
is a growth stock while the beaten down latter companies are the value
stocks.
This brings us to the most important question of the sustainability of
the competitive advantage. In a free and a competitive market economy,
any business activity which earns high returns on capital cannot be
expected to continue doing the same in the future. Competitive forces
will drive down the higher returns to a level where at best they earn
market risk-adjusted returns most of the time.
The concept of growth stock is a product of a bull market. It dies
when the bear market sets in. Bear markets create values.
Growth Stock

The term ‘growth stock’ is meaningless since a ‘growth stock’ can be
identified only in retrospection: it is merely a stock that went way up.
For most of us, our greatest richness always has been and will continue
to remain in dreams. Stocks go to particularly high levels when a lot of
people think they might equal their dreams. ‘Growth stocks’ are perhaps,
better termed as ‘dream stocks’.
When a stock becomes a fancy and a fad in the markets, it is chased
by one and all. The steep rise in the stock price makes it a growth stock.
47

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

Before the rise how many would call it a growth stock? It is only when
the price moves very fast it is evident that it has found fancy and is thus
termed as a growth stock.
Since it is easy to sell a dream story of a growth stock, it is also possible
to create a large band of followers chasing the growth illusion. Moreover,
growth stock investing does not require any hard work associated with
value investing. It is based on hunches, dreams, illusions or popular
opinion.
When the dream of a new industry is translated into reality, the dream
ends and stocks start selling more conservatively. At present financial
services, real estate, infrastructure and telecommunications stocks fall
in this category of ‘dream stocks’, as it is very difficult, as of now, to
understand their business models and the future profitability potential
is still a mystery. This brings us to that particular moment when the
value of mystery is at its greatest—a special moment when everyone
sees something amazing coming out of mystery and are thus willing to
pay a lot more to know about these strange things. Later on, when the
mystery ceases to be and they do know a lot more, they will pay less.
Most internet and technology stocks the world over were booming in
1999–2000. They were riding high on the value of mystery. However,
when these companies started fulfilling their vision as is happening today,
they are selling for less in relation to their earnings. Gradually they tend
to be associated with the rating of knowledge rather than mystery.
Behavioral Traits for Pursuing Growth Strategies

Availability Heuristics

Human beings tend to rely on the most recent or the most readily
available information. That is the reason that front-page advertisements
command a hefty premium to other pages in a newspaper.
We have more people following growth strategies and chasing growth
stocks as compared to value investing strategies. Hence, the information
on growth stocks is very readily available. More brokers recommend
them, their volatility makes them take headlines, more fund managers
and analysts discuss them on TV shows, and more investors chase them,
making them press worthy and popular.

48

Behavioral Obstacles to Value Investing

Investors are more likely to act on this readily available information.
Growth stock is a very hot story and everyone likes a stock that goes up very
fast. Individuals as well as Institutional investors fall prey to this availability
heuristic, start believing in the growth story and chase growth stocks.
Follow the Herd

This availability heuristics creates such a huge following that we have
all sorts of investors joining the bandwagon.
Individuals or institutional investors are known to buy what others
are buying. This gives them the confidence that if anything goes wrong
they are not the only ones affected. They take solace in the fact that
they are not alone when they take such risks of putting their money in
growth stocks.
This creates a herd mentality amongst the investors and they all buy
what others are buying. Since this buying frenzy does not arise out of
some firm conviction, it is subject to fear and doubt. So, if a few investors
are noticed to be selling, all will follow and would want to sell faster
than the other. This herd behavior is one of the reasons that growth
stocks go up very fast and attract investor attraction. They also fall very
fast as the herd comes to sell.
Chasing Fads and Fancies

As discussed earlier, growth stocks are dream stocks. It is the value of
the mystery that excites investors. It is the lure of the new and the
unknown that fascinates investors. Hence when such opportunities come
in the market there is a ready set of buyers chasing these fads and fancies.
Investors are always looking at something new, as they believe that
novelty can fetch them more money. This novelty becomes a fancy
when more and more investors chase it. This is also the effect of
availability heuristic and herding. Thus, a fad and a fancy start quoting
at fancy prices. This is termed as a growth stock as there is no available
explanation to justify the steep rise in price.
Growth stocks become fads and fancies of the market and investors
are known to run after them.
Novelty Over Familiarity

People in their pursuit to grab a piece of something novel forget the
inherent conventional wisdom of time-tested principles of investing.
49

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

This fascination with something new is as old as the stock markets.
From Tulip mania to the south Sea Bubble to the recent Tech bubble
of 2000. Once upon a time they all promised immense growth.
Instant Gratification

We are always looking at short cuts or quick fixes. That is the way the
environment works. Take the case of a game like cricket. Initially, we
had the five-day test match which was replaced by a one-day 100-over
match, and today we have a three hour, forty-over match known as
Twenty–Twenty. People like quick results. Why wait for the result for
five days when you can have it within three hours.
This allure of instant gratification plays an important part in investor
stock preference. Value stocks are like five-day test matches while growth
stocks are like the 20- 20 matches. Growth stocks are able to give instant
gratification. The number of growth stocks in the market multiplies
this instant gratification. That is the reason we have more growth stocks
and more growth stock investors than value investors.
Rationalization Trap

The following observation by Benjamin Franklin highlights the
rationalization trap brilliantly, “So convenient a thing it is to be a
reasonable creature, since it enables one to find or make a reason for
everything one has a mind to do.”
Rationalization trap manifests in various forms, in the business and
investment research space, as well. It is very common to come across
businessmen seeking evidence to support the decision they have already
made. Tata Nano is just one example, where having decided that they
have to come out with a Rs. 1 lakh car, they seem to have placed all the
other considerations, including the feasibility of such a project from the
viewpoint of shareholders, as secondary.
Inspite of realizing severe losses by chasing a fancy by paying a fancy
price, a growth investor continues to chase more emerging fancies and
keeps on losing money by buying at ridiculous valuations. What explains
this behavior? The answer lies in understanding a behavioral tendency
known as ‘Rationalization Trap.’ It says that when one is faced with an
unexpected outcome or failure, one attributes one’s failure to external
factors and not to oneself, which might not be the case, and continues
50

Behavioral Obstacles to Value Investing

to keep on repeating the mistakes. This is what happens in growth
investing. Instead of realizing the consequences of one’s behavior of
ignoring the price commanded by a company in a fancy while making a
buy decision, one will blame the promoters or market experts or business
news channel for having misled him. This sort of behavior might help
one deal with the psychological pain associated with holding oneself
responsible for one’s losses, but it ensures that when the next fancy
sector emerges, one will be ready with one’s hard-earned money to chase
another fancy sector and lose it all over again. One will again start blaming
somebody else for one’s losses rather than one’s emotional indiscipline.
Expectations Investing

Stock prices reflect expectations and the key to generating superior
returns is to successfully anticipate expectation revisions. An important
thing to understand is that neither a good high return business nor a
bad low return business is inherently attractive or unattractive. Investors
need to assess the stocks of all companies versus expectations.
The return on stocks depends not on earnings growth but solely on
whether this earnings growth is more than what the investors expected.
And are these growth expectations already reflected in the PE ratio?
The long-term return on a stock depends not on the actual growth in
earnings but on how those earnings compare to what investors expected.
Stock markets reflect the sentiments of the investors. When the
sentiments are bullish, the expectations are high and when the sentiments
are bearish the expectations run low. Understanding these expectations
and assessing their impact on the price is the key to good stock picking.

3.4 RETURNS
Investing is all about earning a return. For that we have seen two styles
of investing. One is the difficult one requiring a lot of hard work and
patience known as value investing. The other one is more fashionable
and thrilling and is known as growth investing. Growth investing is
investing in new ideas, new technology, new sectors, new initial public
offerings, new additions to the indices, new fads and fancies etc. It is
with a hope that a new breakthrough innovation or an idea will result in
higher returns. However, when everyone is thinking on the same lines
51

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

and trying to chase such ideas, these ideas become expensive and the
investors start paying a higher price. This act of buying such overvalued
growth stocks is falling into the growth trap.
Actually, there is nothing wrong with investing in new ideas and
innovations. That is what capitalism is all about. There would be no
innovations if investors shied away from investing in such companies.
Many have made fortunes investing in such companies.
There is nothing wrong in buying a growth stock in its early stage,
but such early phase is reserved for the venture capitalists and the private
equity investors. They are the ones who enter early, and when they see
the opportune time to exit, they get the stock listed and sell it on the
stock markets when the markets are in a bull phase. In such markets,
there is frenzy and least importance is given to valuations. The stocks
start going up on investor demand. The steep rise in the price of a stock
makes it worthy of being called a growth stock. This is when the investors
get trapped. They tend to pay a much higher price, and even if they
have invested in a good company, their overall returns suffer in the long
run. Common sense would demand that they ask one question: If it’s a
growth stock and expected to do well why are the insiders selling?
Well they are selling because there is a sucker willing to buy and pay
a fancy price. They had bought a value and are reaping the rewards
because the fancy name of “Growth” is getting them a fancy price.
3.4.1 What Constitutes Stock Returns?
Stock investing is akin to buying a business with a sustainable business
model. This business sells goods or services at a profit. This profit is
distributed amongst its shareholders as dividends, and the remaining
profit is again ploughed back to grow the business. This growth of the
business is shared with the existing shareholders by issuing bonus (split)
shares to them.
However if these shares of the business are listed on the stock market
their price not only captures the fundamentals of the business but also
the future growth expectations. This is dependent on the sentiments
and the expectations of the investors in general in the market. In bullish
times the investors are willing to pay a much higher price than the
fundamentals justify, and in bearish times they would be willing to pay
52

Behavioral Obstacles to Value Investing

a much lower price than the fundamentals. This leads to volatility in
the stock price of a company.
For an investor there are two components of stock returns:

1. The dividend one gets from the stock.
2. The capital appreciation of the stocks.
However, both these sources of returns are dependant on the price
one pays when one acquires the stock. If one buys a stock in a bull
market when prices are high, then one takes a hit on the dividend yield,
and capital appreciation would take much longer as the base price is
higher.
So, it is very important that the acquisition price is lower for one to
have healthy stock returns. Hence, buying stocks without taking into
consideration the value of the stock and the price one is paying for that
value is a sure way to take a hit on one’s long-term returns.
Stock returns multiply over time. Hence, patience and discipline are
its best friends.
The Fallacy: Of late, investors have been accustomed to calculating
returns on their speculative activity in stocks. Buying and selling stocks
has become a fashion especially with the advent of online trading. When
one makes a profit in buying and selling a stock one calculates the profits
made as a return. It is actually a speculative profit. In the guise of
speculating people believe that they are investing and hence the fallacy
of confusing stock returns with speculative gains. However, a stock which
is appreciating due to speculative activity may find fancy with the
investors as the returns on the investment in that stock seem good.
However, inherently the company may not be worthy of investment if
one were to look at the value.
Reliance Natural Resources Ltd. (RNRL) is a stock that has good
investor fancy and has appreciated from a low of Rs.18 in early 2007 to
a high of Rs.240 in January 2008. Investors who bought at lower rates
have had good returns in the stock. But, should one call these returns or
speculative profits?. At a price of Rs. 240 per share, with an EPS of Rs.
0.40 per share, RNRL was quoting at a PE ratio of 600. Is this price
justified? But investors who have made money in the stock will swear
by it. This is just one example but there are so many stocks that come in
to this category.
53

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

Moreover, this anomaly has been reinforced with the advent of openended mutual funds. These funds talk about long-term investing, but
allow the investor to withdraw funds at 24 hours notice. This design
itself induces the fund manager to speculative trading. His performance
is based on the profits he makes in such trading and speculative activities.
This is reported as returns generated on the investment activities of the
fund. Some of the most reputed mutual funds that talk about longterm value investing have also bought RNRL. They are also speculating
and not investing.
Having experienced a bull market for the last four years till the onset
of bearish conditions in the recent past, we have been fed with all sorts
of data by the media on investor returns. They all concentrated on the
speculative and the trading gains. Availability heuristics made investors
understand returns this way. They missed out on the larger and the true
picture of stock returns.
3.4.2 Growth is not Returns
Most investors suffer from the false impression that higher the growth,
higher the returns. Therefore, investors buying high PE stocks are under
the impression that they are paying more for the expected growth. But
what really determines a PE ratio? A company’s value is a function of
market expectations for its growth rate and its economic returns. This
fundamental concept explains why looking at growth in isolation can
be misleading. Growth can be good when a company earns a return in
excess of its capital, and bad when the returns are below the cost of
capital. One must have a clear sense whether or not a company is earning
appropriate returns before one can judge the impact of growth.
Companies can and do grow their way to bankruptcy. The IT boom
and the bust brought out many such growth stories going downhill.
Visual Soft, Pentafour, DSQ Software, Himachal Futuristics are just a
few of them. There were no profits in their business models and the
investors justified their high valuations as growth. Studying growth in
isolation of economic returns is an invitation to failure.
Here is a case study of the returns and growth mismatch in Bharti
Televentures Ltd., a hot stock in the market as it is in the hot sector of
telecommunications. The stock has performed exceedingly well in the
54

Behavioral Obstacles to Value Investing

last three years and has been the favorite of the investors. The company
is excellent and well-managed.
The more one pays for the current stream of earnings, the more one
has to rely on future growth to reap profits from the investment. There
is nothing inherently wrong in this setup except that one has accepted
promises of returns for one’s money and in the business world, future
promises are easily made but take great effort to be met with.
Good Company vs Good Stock
Bharti Tele: A Unique Company:
Conventional Wisdom Belied

Most of the times we look at an industry and try to make sense of how
a company in that sector would do. Every decision is governed by the
information readily available to everyone. This is more evident when
new technologies enter the market. Technology can enhance the
productivity of an existing service or a product. But, when it is looked
at in that fashion we really miss out on how a new technology would
change the rules of the game for a particular industry. Take the case of
the telecommunications industry. With the advent of mobile telephony
a host of companies were vying for a piece of the action. We had six
players with deep pockets vying for a dominant place in the Indian
market having a huge population of prospective mobile users. The
competition was so severe that the mobile talk charges were going down
practically every quarter. Conventional wisdom was that if talktime
charges are regularly falling, how could companies in this sector make
profits—more so when we had six powerful players competing with
each other.
One of the players in this highly competitive market dominated by
international players was a first generation company by the name of
Bharti Telecom promoted by Sunil Mital. Bharti stock was appreciating
and was a favorite of the stock markets. Quarter to quarter it was posting
healthy profits. The way its stock was going up it did not match any
value parameters and was termed as a growth stock. No doubt when
you cannot justify the valuation of a company one would term it as a
growth stock. But here was the major difference. Bharti Telecom was in
the business of creating a wireless infrastructure.
55

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

Technology was changing everything. It was paving the way for the
new by destroying the old. The old way of looking at the rates of talktime and then valuing the company was dead. The way to look at was
how this infrastructure of the mobile telephony will change the lives of
people. In the industrial world we talked about economies of large-scale
production. Enabling mass use of mobile telephones was the goal to
change the behavior of people. The demographic change due to the use
of technology changed the way people looked at paying for services.
Moreover, the ease of use of mobile phones empowered the people to
be confident of the new technological revolution. This in a way was
also educating the people on the new advantages of technology. As people
became more confident of using the technology, the technology
revolution itself enabled the companies to bring down the cost of services
so low that even the poorest people were able to use it. This penetration
enabled the people to realize the value of communication. This created
a communication revolution unheard of even in the developed world.
Most of the large international players were caught napping as they
missed out on the big communication revolution in India. They went
by the conventional wisdom that a poor country like India was not a
market for mobile phones. However the converse has been true. The
mobile revolution was supported by China and India, the most poor
and populated countries. Mobile telephony was a big failure in the US
and it took years before being accepted by the people.
A poor country like India suffered from poor infrastructure facilities
like roads and transport. However the birth of the wireless infrastructure
in the form of mobile phones mitigated a lot of problems of the people.
The ability to connect and communicate enabled small businesses to
offer value-based services, professionals to be effective in their professions,
businesses became customer-centered. Even small vegetable and fruit
vendors were able to service their clients efficiently and effectively. This
also improved the overall customer service and satisfaction. Villages are
effectively connected to cities with the wireless infrastructure while the
road and the rail infrastructure could not keep pace.
Mobile phones have changed the behavior of people. This mobile
phone has become a habit, to be connected at all times. A difficult habit
to change. This has changed the fortunes of Bharti Telecom, an Indian
company born just after the liberalization process started in 1991.
56

Behavioral Obstacles to Value Investing

This is where the investors get trapped when they chase such
innovative companies and pay fancy prices for their breakthrough success.
Can Bharti go on repeating what it has done? Technology was a wealth
creator for Bharti in the initial stages and this same technology when
used by the competitors and when new technologies started replacing
it, become a wealth destroyer for the company. The company has to go
on reducing the talk-time rates and the customer is the beneficiary.
Such breakthrough companies do change the rules of the game and
make life easier for the consumers. We salute such companies. But it
would be foolish to think that the stock of the company is also very
good when the built-in expectations of people are very high.
The initial investors reaped huge fortunes for investing in a company
like Bharti. They had foresight and they paid the right price for a
company expected to grow in a new domain having the first entrant
advantage. In fact they were buying a value and that is what got them
the profits. But paying any price for even a growth company like Bharti
will hit returns. Growth does not translate into returns.

3.5 CONCLUSION
In spite of such strong evidence why do most individual and professional
investors not change their behavior to embrace value-investing strategies?
It is amply evident that growth investing is risky although majority
follows it.
I was with a fund manager of a large mutual fund and discussing the
type of services we could offer. In the course of the decision the fund
manager categorically stated that though he believed in my value
strategies he wanted me to give him ideas on stocks that will go up in
the short run. When I expressed my inability to do so as it did not
match with my investing beliefs and principles, he curtly informed me
that for him keeping his high profile and high-paying job was more
important and thus he had to rely on momentum strategies rather than
be a contrarian and underperform in the short run. His organization
will not tolerate underperformance. Knowing fully well that he was not
doing the right thing he lacked the courage to stand up.
One answer offered by Lakonishak, Schleifer and Vishny is that being
a contrarian may be too risky for the average individual or a professional.
57

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

If you are wrong along with everyone else, the consequences
professionally and for one’s self-esteem are far less than if you are wrong
and alone in your choice of action. It’s safer to be with the herd as it
allows for the comfort of safety in numbers.
Another reason is that individuals tend not to change courses if they
are happy. Individuals can be happy with sub-optimal performance so
long as it is not painful. Moreover, individuals who tend to be unhappy
and prone to making changes often do so for the wrong reasons and
end up being just as unhappy in their new circumstances. Resistance to
change and fear of failure may simply be forces too great to overcome.
Greed and envy seems to be the biggest sins for investors getting
trapped in the growth trap. The lure to make a fast fortune drains them
out of any rationality and common sense. Looking at others’ success
without knowing the risks taken by them, people try to emulate them
thinking that they too shall be as successful as them.
It is evident that no rationality works in the stock markets, as they are
inefficient especially in the short run. What works in the stock markets is
one’s ability to understand one’s emotional and psychological weaknesses.
This is the first step. Thereafter, understanding the irrational behavior of
others and benefiting from their mistakes is the second step. And the
third step is to have the courage and conviction to stand away from the
crowd. That is why value investing works. It’s a contrarian approach and
few follow it. The herd very often falls victim to the growth trap.
Value investing is knowledge and growth investing is mystery.

58

FOUR
4

CONTRARIAN INVESTING:
THE PSYCHOLOGY OF
GOING AGAINST THE
CROWD

4.1 What is Contrarian Investing?
4.2 Why is Contrarian Investing Difficult to Follow?
4.3 Empirical Study: Conventional vs. Contrarian Portfolio
4.4 Case Study: VST Industries—A Blossom in the Desert

Contrarian Investing: The Psychology of Going Against the Crowd

4.1 WHAT IS CONTRARIAN INVESTING?
“If everybody else is doing it one way, there’s a good chance you can find
your niche by going in exactly the opposite direction. [But] be prepared for
a lot of folks to wave you down and tell you you’re headed the wrong way”—
Sam Walton
A contrarian investor can be
What
exactly
does
defined as one who attempts
‘contrarian investing’ mean?
to profit by betting against
Does it mean that the investor
conventional wisdom, but only
has to be somebody who
when the consensual opinion
believes that conventional
appears to be wrong.
wisdom is always wrong? Also,
among the majority of investors
who subscribe to the fundamental school of comparing the price of a
security to its intrinsic value, what is it that differentiates the minority
of contrarian investors?
A contrarian investor can be defined as one who attempts to profit by
betting against conventional wisdom, but only when the consensual
opinion appears to be wrong. What really differentiates the contrarian
investor is his emphasis on looking for opportunities where consensual
opinion has led to mispricing. When I say looking for mispriced bets, I
mean that they are looking to exploit areas where consensual opinion is
not wrong per se in its stand, but has led to an exaggeration of problems
at hand. This exaggeration is often the result of mass psychology that is
prevalent in the stock market to varying degrees.
At the heart of the argument of betting against the crowd when the
consensual opinion appears to be wrong, is the belief that markets—
which are more often than not efficient—sometimes err on the side of
inefficiency. To understand this anomaly, it helps to think of the stock
market as an aggregator, where people of diverse opinions, expectations
and incentives, bet against each other, leading to more or less efficient
markets. But sometimes this diversity amongst its participants breaks
down, due to factors like excessive fear or greed, leading to the majority
set of participants acting as an individual. It is at times like this that a
contrarian investor starts to see an opportunity to consider betting against
the crowd, if he has reason to believe that it is not the fundamentals but
fear and greed that are driving the current markets.
61

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

Before we discuss the results that can be expected by a contrarian
investor betting against the consensus opinion when it appears to be
carried to excesses, let us discuss the psychological and organizational
aspects which make it difficult for him to go against the crowd to which
he himself belongs.

4.2 WHY IS CONTRARIAN INVESTING DIFFICULT TO
FOLLOW?
As an investor, or even as a speculator for that matter, the aim is to
profit by buying low and selling
high. The foundation that is the
An above average PE ratio is
basis for making those buy and
generally indicative of
sell decisions can be divided
optimistic future prospects
into two types: fundamental
from the enterprise and a
analysis and technical analysis.
below average PE ratio
A fundamental analyst will
indicates a pessimistic
compare current price with
outlook.
historic and prospective
earnings. The fundamental approach can be further sub-divided into:
top-down approach, a bottom-up approach, growth, value, countryspecific, and commodity. On the other hand, the technical analyst will
compare current price and volume patterns to the price and volume
patterns from the past, along with many other indicators pertaining to
supply and demand for shares of a specific company.
Among the fundamental analysts—who constitute a majority of the
investment community—what is it that differentiates contrarian and
value investors from the rest? And why is it that people who subscribe
to this school of thought only constitute a minority, despite no major
distinction in their basic foundation? Possible answers to these questions
can be found in the form of two types of constraints, psychological and
organizational.
4.2.1 Psychological Constraints
“You can think of investing as a long-term journey with many starts,
stops, changes of scenery and occasional bumps. We believe that you
are much more likely to enjoy the journey, or at least endure it, and
62

Contrarian Investing: The Psychology of Going Against the Crowd

reach your destination safely, if you know what to expect along the way.
Your own psychology and ability to handle the emotional ups and downs
of investing are likely to be important determinants of your long run
investment success.” Tweedy
One of the most important
Browne
aspects of successful
Individuals often use
investing is to ensure that
heuristics to help themselves get
closer attention is paid to the
on with their daily lives, by
risk-reward ratio, and not just
making things easier to
to the reward alone.
accomplish. But for us as
investors, these shortcuts can be
detrimental to our investment performance by affecting the way we
make decisions. The important heuristics which make contrarian
investing a difficult task to accomplish are described in the following
sections.
Group Thinking

One of the advantages of being an individual investor is that there is no
pressure to sacrifice your own views to be a part of any group or to have
people agree with you. It is a different matter that individuals sometimes
create their own groups, among friends or colleagues, and succumb to
group thinking; but there is no obligation on their part to be a part of a
group. However, when they belong to fund houses, the most common
behavioral anomaly affecting individuals is ‘group think’. They all think
alike, and even if they don’t agree with something, for fear of being
reprimanded in the group, they hide their true perspective about
something rather than stick their necks out.
False Consensus Effect

The false consensus effect highlights a tendency common amongst us
to overestimate the percentage of people we think would agree with us.
As an investor, the decision we reach about an investment opportunity
does not necessarily have to be in accordance with most other people.
Their motives for investing in the stock market might be different, their
philosophy might be totally different, their risk-appetite might be
different, and their expectation from business might be different from
ours. The bottom line is to remind ourselves of the false consensus effect
when we have people disagreeing with us, and to weigh our decision
based on the facts we have on hand and our reasoning, and to not let
63

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

other people’s perceptions affect us unless they point to something wrong
in our reasoning.
Buyer’s Remorse

What makes sticking to a contrarian philosophy so difficult? Buyer’s
remorse, a tendency that is common amongst everybody to varying
extents, partly answers that question. Buyer’s remorse is that after we
commit our capital to anything,
self-doubt triggers a sort of
For an investor, the financial
remorse to the extent that we
statements representing the
recent performance of the
feel we may have done
enterprise constitute an
something wrong. In times like
indispensable tool. But the
this, unless we have a deep
value is a function of the
conviction in our stand and are
ability of the enterprise to
ready to face the uncertainty, it
generate cash flows in the
becomes very difficult to
future.
continue with our stand, as
most people we would come
across would be hell bent on proving us wrong. Thus, a deep-rooted
conviction, leading to being patient with such an approach is a key to
following a contrarian approach to investing.
Ambiguity Effect

Investing involves facing uncertainty in the form of changes in price
movements and unexpected performance from the underlying businesses.
In short, it can be said that while investing one is faced with lots of
uncertainty coming from all corners. Under such circumstances, most
people lack the conviction in their reasoning and seek social proof or
authority supporting their stand to get over the ambiguity. This irrational
behavior, born out of ambiguity or confusion, can be termed as the
‘ambiguity effect’. This effect can range from ignoring cheap stocks
from out–of-favor sectors to buying into speculative stocks based on
widespread acknowledgement through media and experts to justify one’s
stand.
Illusion of Control

How many of us can say that we reached our present state by putting in
64

Contrarian Investing: The Psychology of Going Against the Crowd

effort towards this particular end? None of us, I suppose. Chance plays
a critical role in governing the exact outcome of our endeavors. Our job
is to ensure that good work will eventually be rewarded in the long run.
The same applies to stockmarket investing. Yet it is common to note
that people have a tendency to act as if they have everything under their
control, especially when it comes to investing.
For example, sometimes a well-implemented investment strategy takes
years to justify one’s choice, whereas at other times luck saves one from
suffering a loss even where one has made a mistake. In such a scenario,
we should not fool ourselves by believing that we have destiny under
our control. Taking on leverage which can wipe you out if you get
something wrong highlights that ‘illusion of control’ is not as uncommon
as one might want to believe.
Herding

As an investor, it is difficult to think out-of-the-box or to stand outside
the pack for consistently longer periods of time. It requires an unflinching
conviction in one’s belief and the ability to withstand being called a
failure until the culmination of the struggle. And contrarian investing
requires one to be able to have attributes such as being patient through
the periods of uncertainty before the final outcome, which could
eventually prove one right.
Considering the above, it is only normal that people tend to converge
towards an opinion which forms the foundation of the conventional
wisdom, irrespective of its validity. Moreover, the ability to withstand
such social pressures and hold contradicting views should be considered
an extraordinary behavior on the part of the individual.
Myopic Loss Aversion

‘If you cannot stand 50% paper loss on your stock, stay away from the
markets’ Warren Buffet
‘Loss aversion’ refers to the fact that people are more upset when they
experience losses as compared to the satisfaction they derive from a similar
gain. This tendency leads to a behavior wherein investors, faced with
the prospect of temporary quotation loss, tend to forgo investing in
such situations even if, in the long run, such an approach leads to higher
returns.
65

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

Seen in this light, the difficulty of following a contrarian approach
surfaces, as its very foundation is based on the notion of betting on
something whose prospects are not good in the short- to medium-term.
Moreover, as a contrarian investor, the ability to withstand temporary
losses is a necessity rather than an exception.
Recency Effect

People are not blessed with unlimited circuitry in their brains to
simultaneously consider many things to reach a decision about
something. The best way to go about making a decision under such
physiological constraints is to use the data that is readily available. More
often than not, memory brings to the fore data that is most recent.
Unless one consciously puts in an effort to consider things from the
past, it is a normal behavior to fall into the trap of believing the recent
past to be an appropriate representation of the ultimate reality. To be a
contrarian investor, one needs to have the ability to place the present
situation in the context of not only the present or the recent past, but
also to go far into the past and put things in perspective. This can be
termed as abnormal behavior and helps explain the minority status of
such investors.
Confirmation Trap

There is generally a lag between an action and its desired outcome. And
there is never a surety that a particular action will lead to a particular
outcome. Under such circumstances, it is only natural to validate one’s
stance by seeking confirmation from the actions of other people. In the
absence of such evidence and the inability to confirm our actions, one is
left to face great uncertainty until the culmination of the outcome.
Inability to withstand such pressures, in the form of psychological
turmoil, is a natural behavioral reaction. But as a contrarian investor,
one has to learn to stick to and to test one’s own views and stance, and
this makes contrarian investing difficult to successfully implement.
4.2.2 Organizational Constraints
A vast pool of capital to be invested in capital markets takes the route of
institutions—mutual funds, private equities, insurance companies,
pension funds, NRIs, FIIs, etc.—where the investment decisions are
66

Contrarian Investing: The Psychology of Going Against the Crowd

taken under the purview of agendas set by authorities primarily looking
after the interests of the institutions. Secondly, these agendas are followed
by individual asset managers, whose interests might not be in alignment
with those of the stakeholders of the institutions. The general areas of
conflict of interest can be divided into two: (i) between the institution
and the segregated stakeholders, and (ii) between the asset managers
and the institutions.
Investment as a Business or Profession

The simple distinction between investment as a business and as a
profession can be understood from the basic mode of profit-seeking by
the institution. Does it earn a profit only when the stakeholders—say,
unit-holders in mutual funds—make a profit? Or does it take a simple
route of keeping a considerable portion of assets-under-management as
a management fee, reaching as high 3-5% of assets every year, irrespective
of benchmarking the performance of the fund with the broader indices
over the same period? The answer is the amount of money made by
asset management companies are directly linked to the amount managed
by them and is not linked directly to the performance.
Operating under such misaligned incentives, the authorities might
be more interested in attracting more capital under management than
working towards increasing the chances of making more money for the
current stakeholders, particularly when it involves sitting on the sidelines
and going against conventional wisdom, which leads to temporary
periods of looking foolish.
Looking Right versus Being Right

“Worldly wisdom teaches that it is better for reputation to fail conventionally
than to succeed unconventionally” – John Maynard Keynes
Let us discuss the second constraint, which exists in the form of conflict
of interest between the individuals making decisions on behalf of
institutions and the stakeholders. This conflict prevents the decisionmakers from following contrarian investing.
These individuals are more interested in making themselves appear
right in the eyes of authorities and colleagues in order to increase their
chances of moving up in the professional hierarchy, rather than to bet
against the crowd—which could involve sitting on the sidelines,
appearing foolish, having conviction in their actions, until the tide
eventually turns to prove them right.
67

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

For example, take the case of the late-1990s, when people who were
skeptical of the dawn of a new era with the advent of the Internet, in
terms of creating sustained levels of growth and shareholder valuecreation, proved to be right in the end. It should not be forgotten that
many of these people lost their jobs and faced harsh criticism by being
called outdated, when the markets continued to exhibit irrational
exuberance for an extended period. What little consolation would it
have been in the end, after having lost their jobs and appearing foolish
for a year or two, while betting against the crowd? Many of them did
not manage to get back their lost jobs or to get the credit which they
deserved in the first place.
When faced with the prospect of saving your job versus making an
extra few percentage points of profits for your stakeholders, it does not
take the knowledge of rocket science to choose the first option. And as
long as there exists this conflict of interest, people ready to bet against
the crowd would continue to be few and far between.
Having discussed the constraints, let us now discuss the results that
can be expected by a contrarian investor with the help of a study
conducted by our research team at Parag Parikh Financial Advisory
Services Ltd.

4.3 EMPIRICAL STUDY: CONVENTIONAL VERSUS
CONTRARIAN PORTFOLIO
“Those who do not learn from history are condemned to repeat it” - Santayana
The broader index, the BSE Sensex, is constituted from a group of
30 leading companies representing the important sectors of the economy.
The performance of the Sensex and its underlying companies is generally
considered to be a reflection of how well the economy is functioning.
At any given point in time, there are sectors with optimistic prospects
just as there are a few with pessimistic prospects.
For an investor, what should be the rational approach in taking a
stake in a business, through the equity medium, when the sole aim is to
profit from such an initiative? The answer that seems right at first instance
is to buy a stake in the leading players in the sectors, especially where the
outlook for the future growth seems imminent, and avoid laggards in
68

Contrarian Investing: The Psychology of Going Against the Crowd

terms of recent performance and with a poor outlook, as the surest way
to ensure superior performance. However, the study under consideration
aims to prove that the seemingly obvious answer does not lead to the
expected financial results.
Even though the Sensex PE ratio is taken very seriously by the market
participants in forming a view of the attractiveness of the investment
scenario, one thing that is not properly utilized is to compare among the
constituents of the Sensex. For example, currently the Sensex trades at a
PE multiple of around 22 times the recent earnings. But on a closer
look, it emerges that the range of PE ratios starts from 9 and ends at 160
times the recent earnings. This range, of course, reflects the difference in
quality of the recent trend in earnings but also, more importantly, the
differential in the expectations from these businesses.
An above average PE ratio is generally indicative of optimistic future
prospects from the enterprise and a below average PE ratio indicates a
pessimistic outlook. Extending this line of thought, it can be observed
that a high PE ratio is also a result of a good outlook for the industry it
represents, from whose growth the enterprise in consideration is expected
to reap huge benefits. Is positive outlook an appropriate indicator in
deciding which enterprise deserves to be considered a long-term
investment opportunity? Or a possibility of reversal of the fortunes and
investor interest should make one believe that low PE stocks should turn
out to be better bets as a long-term investment opportunity?
The following study was carried out to find answer to these questions.
The aim was to observe, using the most recent decade, whether companies
with a positive outlook and current high PE ratio have superior longterm results or whether the low PE stocks, with a pessimistic outlook of
the future, tend to outperform the other group. Based on the results of
this study, we can design a prudent way to invest by taking selective
exposure to sound players, from either low PE or high PE stocks.
4.3.1 Methodology
Let us time travel in the past and calculate the returns of two portfolios
constructed using PE ratios as a measure. The portfolios constructed for
this purpose would try to replicate the performance of each of the
following two strategies:

69

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

(1) Conventional or High PE Strategy:
Invest Rs 1 lakh in the 10 highest PE stocks, from the Sensex, at the
start of the exercise, i.e., financial year 1995, and sell at the end of the
year, and repeat this methodology of picking stocks, by investing 10%
of the resulting value from then on in each of the 10 stocks chosen this
way from 1996–97 to 2005–06.
(2) Contrarian or Low PE Strategy:
Invest Rs.1 lakh in the 10 lowest PE stocks, from the Sensex, at the
start of the exercise, i.e., financial year 1995 and sell at the end of the
year and repeat this methodology of picking stocks, by investing 10%
of the resulting value from then on in each of the 10 stocks chosen this
way from 1996–97 to 2005–06.
(3) Results:
Compare the results of the two strategies and draw important lessons.
4.3.2 Conventional Portfolio
The reason for using the word ‘conventional’ in the context of high PE
ratio stocks is as follows: PE ratio is one of the most popular valuation
metrics used by the financial community. A high PE ratio is only possible
when the majority of the investor community thinks that the prospects
of a given industry and its representative stocks offer a good investment
opportunity.
In the process, investor interest results in high appraisal of recent
earnings, leading to a high PE ratio. Considering the fact that
conventional wisdom involves the opinion of the majority, we have
named the portfolio resulting from the strategy of investing in high PE
stocks of the Sensex in any given year as ‘conventional portfolio’, deriving
its name from the foundation that such a strategy is based on
conventional wisdom.
Before we get to the results of the study, let us take a quick look at the
nature of the portfolio by reviewing the average PE ratio of such a
portfolio constructed, at the start of each financial year, during the last
decade. The average PE ratio for a given year is the average of the PEs of
the 10 stocks selected in the portfolio.
70

Contrarian Investing: The Psychology of Going Against the Crowd
Table 4.1 Average PE of Conventional Portfolio Stocks

Portfolio Year

Average PE

1995–96

36

1996–97

36

1997–98

30

1998–99

45

1999–00

62

2000–01

79

2001–02

37

2002–03

28

2003–04

20

2004–05

25

2005–06

37

As can be observed from the preceding table, the average PE of the
conventional portfolio has ranged from a low of 20 at the start of financial
year 2003 to a high of 79 at the start of financial year 2000. The average
PE ratio of the 11 such portfolios, constructed between 1995 to 2005 is
40 times the trailing twelve months’ earnings.
4.3.3 Contrarian Portfolio
The reason for using the word ‘contrarian’ in the context of the strategy
involving low PE ratio stocks is as follows: PE ratio is one of the most
popular valuation metrics used by the financial community; a low PE
ratio is only possible when the majority of the investor community thinks
that the prospects of a given industry and its representative stocks offer
unattractive investment opportunities.
In the process, investor interest fades from these sectors and associated
companies, resulting in low appraisal of recent earnings and lower
expectations from the future, leading to low PE ratios. Considering the
fact that contrarian wisdom is founded on the notion of betting against
the opinion of the majority, we have named the portfolio resulting from
the strategy of investing in such neglected stocks of the Sensex in any
given year as a ‘contrarian portfolio’.
71

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

Just as we did in the conventional portfolio, let us take a quick look
at the nature of the portfolio by reviewing the average PE ratio of such
a portfolio constructed, at the start of each financial year, during the
last decade. Again, the average PE ratio for a given year is the average of
the 10 stocks selected in the portfolio.
Table 4.2 Average PE of Contrarian Portfolio Stocks

Portfolio Year

Average PE

1995–96

16

1996–97

18

1997–98

13

1998–99

14

1999–00

14

2000–01

11

2001–02

15

2002–03

11

2003–04

11

2004–05

13

2005–06

13

As can be observed from the above table, the average PE of the
contrarian portfolio has ranged from a low of 11 at the start of financial
years 2000, 2002, and 2003 to a high of 18 at the start of financial year
1996. The average PE ratio of the 11 such portfolios constructed is 14
times the recent twelve months’ earnings.
4.3.4 Results
Let us now get to the results that a conventional (or high) PE portfolio
and a contrarian (or low) PE portfolio would have delivered during the
period of the evaluation. The results are depicted using a chart indicating
the cumulative value of Rs.1 lakh invested using each of the strategies
over the 11-year period.

72

Contrarian Investing: The Psychology of Going Against the Crowd

Figure 4.1 Results of Conventional versus Contrarian Portfolios
The chart indicates two key things:

(1) The contrarian (or low) PE portfolio has—in spite of its
underperformance vis-à-vis the conventional (or high) PE
portfolio during the IT bubble period—managed to easily beat
the conventional portfolio over the long run.
(2) The rise in the contrarian portfolio is steadier and indicates less
risk, in terms of severe losses in the interim, as compared to the
conventional portfolio. This reduces financial and emotional strain
as we go about leading our lives. At the end of the day, isn’t it
true that financial rewards are a means to achieve better lives?
For a more detailed analysis of the quality of results, let us take a look
at the year-wise performance. The conventional portfolio has delivered
a compounded annual rate of return of around 13.6% during the period
under consideration. A 13.6% annualized return ensures that Rs.1 lakh
invested at the start of the financial year 1995 would have grown to
Rs. 4.06 lakhs by the end of financial year 2005.
Table 4.3 Returns from Conventional Portfolio

Year

Average PE

Returns %

Cumulative
Value of
Portfolio
(Rs.)

1995–96

36

–7.6

92,379

1996–97

36

–9.4

83,665

1997–98

30

41.9

1,18,690

(Contd.)
73

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance
Year

Average PE

Returns %

Cumulative
Value of
Portfolio
(Rs.)

1998–99

45

72.0

2,04,141

1999–00

62

120.4

4,50,012

2000–01

79

–32.3

3,04,588

2001–02

37

–25.8

2,26,111

2002–03

28

–10.9

2,01,507

2003–04

20

31.9

2,65,755

2004–05

25

21.3

3,22,448

2005–06

37

25.9

4,05,896

Average PE

40

On the other hand, the contrarian portfolio has delivered a
compounded annual rate of return of around 17.7% during the period
under consideration. A 17.7% annualized return ensures that Rs.1 lakh
invested at the start of the financial year 1995 would have grown to
Rs. 5.99 lakhs by the end of financial year 2005.
Table 4.4 Returns from Contrarian Portfolio

Year

Average PE

Returns %

Cumulative
Value of
Portfolio
(Rs.)

1995–96

16

–3.7

96,259

1996–97

18

–1.6

94,742

1997–98

13

28.1

1,21,411

1998–99

14

–13.9

1,04,484

1999–00

14

38.0

1,44,179

2000–01

11

–20.9

1,14,018

2001–02

15

23.2

1,40,484

(Contd.)
74

Contrarian Investing: The Psychology of Going Against the Crowd
Year

Average PE

Returns %

Cumulative
Value of
Portfolio
(Rs.)

2002–03

11

23.2

1,73,125

2003–04

11

71.8

2,97,468

2004–05

13

26.4

3,76,068

2005–06

13

59.3

5,99,164

Average PE

14

4.3.5 Important Lessons
Having seen the difference in the quality of results emanating from the
two strategies, let us review the key takeaways from the whole study.
Perseverance is Tested

It can be observed that out of 11 years evaluated under the study, the
conventional (or high) PE portfolio has outperformed the Contrarian
(or low) PE portfolio in only three instances; viz., the financial years
1997 to 1999.
During this period, as is a well-established fact, we saw one of the
greatest mass manias in recent times, with the evolution of information
technology as a so-called ‘new era’. The comparative performance of
the two portfolios during that period can be seen from the table below.
Table 4.5 Comparative Performance of Portfolios during 1997–2000

Conventional
Portfolio

Contrarian
Portfolio

Year

Average PE

Returns %

Average PE

Returns %

1997–98

30

41.9

13

28.1

1998–99

45

72.0

14

–13.9

1999–00

62

120.4

14

38.0

During this period, holding onto the laggard stocks would have hurt
you in two ways. First, it resulted in significant underperformance and
secondly, looking like a fool for standing outside the crowd. But the
75

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

true rewards of such a stance would have been felt during the ensuing
years.
When the Tide Goes Out

As the legendary investor, Warren Buffett appropriately said, “It is only
when the tide goes out that we know who has been swimming naked”, the
true reward was realized by the contrarian investor during the next four
years as the conventional portfolio continued to lose money because of
the correction in IT stocks, while the low PE stocks representing sectors
that were neglected during the IT bubble attracted investor interest and
considerably out-performed the IT stocks. This can be seen from the
table below.
Table 4.6 Comparative Performance of Portfolios During 2000–2004

Year
2000–01

Conventional
Portfolio
Average PE Returns %
79
–32.3

Contrarian
Portfolio
Average PE
Returns %
11
–20.9

2001–02

37

–25.8

15

23.2

2002–03

28

–10.9

11

23.2

2003–04

20

31.9

11

71.8

Risk-Reward Ratio

One of the most important aspects of successful investing is to ensure
that closer attention is paid to the risk-reward ratio, and not just to the
reward alone. The failure on the part of an investor to follow this principle
has to be the main cause of the under-performance of the conventional
portfolio as compared to the contrarian portfolio.
Take a look at the table below, which highlights the performance
during the years when broader indices gave a negative or negligible return
to investors, indicating overall bearish sentiments towards equity
investing. On a closer look, it emerges that in every single year the
contrarian portfolio has out-performed the other portfolio by a significant
margin.

76

Contrarian Investing: The Psychology of Going Against the Crowd
Table 4.7 Portfolio Performance During Bear Market Years

Conventional
Portfolio

Contrarian
Portfolio

Year

Average PE

Returns%

Average PE

Returns %

1995-96

36

–7.6

16

–3.7

1996-97

36

–9.4

18

–1.6

2000-01

79

–32.3

11

–20.9

2001-02

37

–25.8

15

23.2

2002-03

28

–10.9

11

23.2

The out-performance of the contrarian portfolio when the sentiments
are negative is highlighted by the fact that even though the conventional
portfolio has shown a stellar return of 120.4% in 1999, negative returns
of 32.3% and 25.8% in subsequent years were enough to wipe out very
nearly all the gains made during the year 1999. as IT stocks retreated to
more reasonable levels.
In essence, the contrarian portfolio’s out-performance can be
attributed to the fact that while it exposes one to laggard stocks considered
less rewarding, the risk is curtailed which seems to have led to its overall
superior performance.
Having discussed, with the help of the above example, that time may
be well-spent looking for an attractive contrarian pick among the
neglected stocks, let us now spend some time on an investment
opportunity that qualifies as a contrarian pick. The following discussion
highlights various aspects of contrarian investing in practice.

4.4 CASE STUDY: VST INDUSTRIES — A BLOSSOM IN
THE DESERT
During the last few years, we have witnessed one of the major bull
markets in the history of the Indian equity markets. The impetus behind
this bull market seems to be two-fold. First, increased economic activity
leading to impressive growth realizations for corporate India and
secondly, the possibility of positive re-rating* happening across most of
* Positive re-rating’ denotes the expansion of PE ratio. For example, when the Sensex moves up
from a PE ratio of 12 to PE ratio of 25, it is denoted as being positively re-rated.

77

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

the companies trading on the bourses. This has created huge wealth for
the shareholders as a whole.
A natural consequence of an extended bull market is the shift in the
risk-reward ratio on opportunities available in the market. Before the
onset of the bull market, when in a bear (or consolidation) phase, mass
psychology makes people fixated on the risk, all the time, without
comparing the huge rewards that are there to compensate for the risk
taken. As the bull phase progresses and the inherent risk factor increases,
the mass psychology being totally fixated on recent rewards achieved by
investors, loses its focus on the inherent risk quotient of the markets.
Here we have a classic case of mass psychology leading to mis-appraisal
of the risk-reward ratio, inbuilt in the stock valuations, at various stages
of the market cycle because of behavioral anomalies leading to excesses
and resultant painful contractions leading to great losses to people who
forget to think in terms of the inherent risk and reward factors of an
opportunity. It is no different in this bull market also.
As a contrarian investor—whom the legendary investor, Warren
Buffett, appropriately defined as somebody who gets greedy when others
are fearful and one who gets fearful when others are greedy—one should
not forget the important principle of comparing the reward against the
risk, while making investment decisions.
In effect, as the market and stocks start to fully discount the
fundamentals of the business and future prospects, one would do well to
shuffle one’s portfolio by replacing stocks with deteriorating risk-reward
ratios with opportunities that offer attractive risk-reward prospects. This
involves constantly looking for businesses where the true value of the
business is not fully reflected in the stock price. This approach of striking
the right balance between price and value involves betting against the
conventional wisdom because if conventional wisdom followed the same
principle, investors would end up driving markets to become fully efficient;
i.e., every business would be valued appropriately based on its underlying
fundamentals and expectations to deliver risk-adjusted rate of return.
But as long as mass psychology drives the market, there are going to
be areas where the businesses will be mispriced, and the prospects of
earning an above-average return will exist. One of the best places to look
for such mispricing, led by mis-appraisal of a security, is the ‘52-week
78

Contrarian Investing: The Psychology of Going Against the Crowd

low’ list published in all the business newspapers. It must be remembered
that most of the stocks on the list deservedly make it there because of
deteriorating fundamentals and business prospects; but occasionally a
neglected stock, with strong fundamentals and prospects, also makes it
to the list.
One such stock, which has been a part of the 52-week low list many a
times during the last year is VST Industries. The extent of pessimism, or
lack of interest, towards this stock is evident by taking a look at the chart
below, comparing the performance of the Sensex and VST Industries
during the last two years. As the Sensex has gone up around 80% during
the two years, VST Industries has lost 30% of its market value during
the same time.

Figure 4.2 Price of VST Industries versus the Sensex, 2006-2007
4.4.1 Understanding the Bear Case
Just as it pays in sports to learn as much as possible about the opponents,
it also pays in investing to understand the rationale behind the stance
taken by the opponents. In the context of investing, opponent is
somebody who holds an opposing view to the one held by you. Now, in
the case of VST Industries, it would involve understanding the reason
behind the lack of investor interest towards this enterprise.
Understanding the bear case would involve seeking answers to the
79

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

following questions: Does it operate in a business with bad economics?
Is it a company whose financial stability is in a questionable state? Is it
a business facing intense competition, which makes the competitive
advantage susceptible to invasion by new entrants and causes
deterioration in its earnings power? Is it a business with questionable
management practices being practiced leading to misappropriation of
assets? Does the current price fully discount the recent performance
and future prospects of the enterprise?
4.4.2 Looking for the Answers
VST Industries belongs to the tobacco industry, being one of the four
main cigarette manufacturers with a 10% market share. Let us start
with a discussion of the tobacco industry to which VST belongs, before
discussing its respective area of operation, cigarettes. There are two
important aspects, which have a bearing on understanding the nature
of the industry. First, tobacco is an important cash crop employing
more than 60 million people across the nation. Secondly, tobacco as an
end product in the form of cigarette, cigar, bidi, gutka, snuff etc., is
considered dangerous for human consumption over the long run,
resulting in government intervention in trying to control consumption
by indirect measures.
Cigarette consumption, as a percentage of total tobacco consumption,
is around 20%. This consumption pattern gives the Indian market a
unique structure, as in other countries the percentage of cigarette
consumption as a percentage of total tobacco consumption is more than
80%. Part of the reason for this anomaly is that chewing tobacco has
been a tradition in India and a large number of consumers still prefer
this to cigarettes. Also, government has taken a strong stance against
cigarette manufacturers, in the form of levying a high excise duty and
VAT on cigarettes as compared to other tobacco products, leading to a
shift in consumer preference from cigarettes to bidi and chewing tobacco.
This explains the fact that cigarette companies generate around 80% of
the total tax generated from the tobacco industry, inspite of their relatively
negligible share of the overall tobacco market. But with increasing per
capita income, the consumption pattern is expected to change in favor
of cigarettes, leading to reasonable growth prospects for cigarette
manufacturers.
80

Contrarian Investing: The Psychology of Going Against the Crowd

But what about the competition and pricing power in the face of
consistent increase in excise duty levied on cigarette manufacturers.
Would they be able to withstand such measures and continue to maintain
their profitability?
High Barriers to Entry

In 2004, Government of India banned all forms of advertisements by
cigarette manufacturers, to curb cigarette consumption. Inspite of its
seemingly negative implication for the cigarette manufacturers, this holds
a significant positive for the incumbent players as it resulted in two
things:
(1) It became improbable for a new player, without consumer
awareness and loyalty, to establish a new brand in the market,
leading to a stronger competitive position for the incumbent
players.
(2) It resulted in lower advertisement expenditure, and thereby
improved profitability.
Brand Value - Share of Mind

The consumption of cigarettes is more an act of habit, rather than one
of choice which can be put on hold or changed. Under such
circumstances, the addicted person develops a certain utility from a given
brand, which is not calculable nor alterable by external means, unless
he himself shifts from one brand to another, based on changes in his
economic well-being. This allows the major brands to effect price
increases in the face of increasing costs, resulting in the maintenance of
their profitability. Moreover, as the new breed of youngsters start getting
addicted, the basic nature of consumption behavior and brand loyalty
makes it unlikely that brand deterioration and the resultant pricing
pressure will be a major concern.
4.4.3 Blossom in the Desert
Conclusively, it can be said that, even though the cigarette industry is
operating in a challenging regulatory environment with government
not in favor of its progress and reasonable growth prospects, the
incumbent players enjoy a considerable moat around themselves, in the
form of their ability to pass on the excise duties to some extent resulting
81

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

in favorable overall economics to work with. An appropriate analogy
that comes to mind when trying to put things in perspective regarding
the cigarette industry is that of a blossom in the desert, where the industry
per se might have the attributes of a desert but the players have the
attributes of a blossom in the form of good cash flows, high return on
capital employed, dividend payouts, and future prospects.
4.4.4 What’s the Price?
The story is still mid-way as it involves answering an important question:
Would VST Industries make a good investment at current market price?
Before we start with the process of comparing the price with the value
behind the enterprise, let us review the basic parameters of the security
at the closing market price as at the time of this writing—31st March,
2008. In the following table,
• Treasury indicates the excess cash, which is not deployed in the
business towards the operation, held in the form of liquid funds.
• Cash from Operations = (Operational Cash after Working Capital
Changes) – (Capital Expenditure)
• Growth is measured as annualized growth rate in earnings per
share and book value over four years, from 2003–07.
Table 4.8 Financial Data on VST Industries

VST Industries Ltd

Market Price (31st March, 2 008)
Book value

Rs. 309
Rs. 133

Market Capitalization

Rs. 475 cr

Debt

-

Treasury

Rs. 175 cr

Enterprise Value

Rs. 300 cr

Ratios
EV* /Cash from Operations

3.7 x

Debt/Equity

-

(Contd.)
82

Contrarian Investing: The Psychology of Going Against the Crowd
VST Industries Ltd
Return on Equity

28%

Price/Book value

2.3 x

Price/earnings

8.8 x

Price/sales

0.65 x

Dividend Yield

6.5 %

Growth (4yrs; annualized)
EPS

10%

BV

15%

* EV stands for ‘Enterprise Value.

The enterprise value of Rs. 300 crores is used, as against the current
market capitalization of Rs. 475 crores, in the intrinsic value calculations
done later in the discussion. This is because the cash figure is the
operational cash flow and the current market capitalization of Rs. 475
crores includes excess cash of Rs. 175 crores, which does not add anything
to the operational cash flow. In effect, it means that if somebody is
buying 100% of VST Industries, even though he would pay Rs. 475
crores, he can encash Rs. 175 crores worth of liquid funds and still
continue to earn the Rs.80 crores cash that the enterprise is earning at present.
Price versus Value

For an investor, the financial statements representing the recent
performance of the enterprise constitute an indispensable tool. But it
must be remembered that the value is a function of the ability of the
enterprise to generate cash flows in the future. So one has to ensure that
the enterprise has the ability to withstand operational or regulatory
hiccups of massive impact, which are outside one’s ability to predict—
at times even so for the management of the company—and continue its
good run when times turn favorable. This judgment on the company’s
financial stability can be made by looking at its balance sheet.
In the case of VST, the fact that it is a zero debt company with plenty
of excess cash, which—inspite of its negative aspect in terms of
contracting the return on equity by generating suboptimal returns—
83

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

can be considered a factor in attracting the highest rating of creditworthiness. Also, given the fact that the current capacity utilization is
below 50%, with no major expenditure in the form of advertising
expenditure, it can be inferred that VST Industries will not require major
capital outlays in the foreseeable future for any expansion or upgradation.
As a result, the majority of cash generated from operations will be
translated into free cash flow.
Having established that VST is a sound enterprise in terms of its
financial stability, let us move on to an equally important question
involving the calculation of its intrinsic value. Before we proceed further,
it is important to note that the intrinsic value is an illusive concept.
Two people working with even the same mind-set but with slightly
different expectations from the future and discount rate, can get a huge
divergence in the intrinsic value for an enterprise. But this lack of
precision can be overcome by calculating a range for intrinsic value, to
provide us with a basis to decide the favorability of the opportunity.
Conservative Estimate of VST’s Intrinsic Value
In the case of VST, even though it has managed to grow its earnings at an
average of 10% per annum during the last few years, let us make a
conservative assumption that it would not grow its cash flow at all over the
next 10 years. The discount rate that we shall use for discounting the cash
flow is 10%, which we can say is our required rate of return from an
investment. Using these estimates, the cash inflow and the net present
value (NPV) is shown in the following table. Let us further assume that
the enterprise would be sold at the end of the 10-year period; i.e., in 2018,
at Rs. 360 crores, or 4.5 times Rs. 80 crores (cash flow in 2018), which in
itself is a very conservative estimate. This Rs. 360 crores to be got in 2018
translates into Rs. 142 crores at a 10% discount rate.
Table 4.9 Projected Cash Flows of VST Industries with No Growth
(in Rs. Cr.)

Year
2009
2010
2011
2012

Amount
80
80
80
80

84

NPV
73
66
60
55
(Contd.)

Contrarian Investing: The Psychology of Going Against the Crowd

Year
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
Sale in 2018

Amount
80
80
80
80
80
80
360
Total

NPV
50
45
41
37
34
31
142
633

Thus, the intrinsic value of VST Industries based on the conservative
estimates comes to Rs.633 crores; i.e., paying this should result in a 10%
return from the business during the next 10 years. But the current enterprise
value is Rs.300 crores, which ensures that the rate of return expected could
turn out to be much higher. In conclusion, it can be said that VST Industries
is available at around 50 % its conservative estimate of intrinsic value.
Reasonable Estimate of VST’s Intrinsic Value

As already indicated, intrinsic value is an illusory concept, and it is
advisable to calculate intrinsic values using various expectation measures
representing the ground reality, to derive a range of intrinsic values and
give us a better idea of the opportunity at hand. Thus, let us calculate
the intrinsic value using a growth rate of 5%, which is very reasonable
considering that it hardly covers the inflation rate and VST has the
ability to pass on this increase to its customers. In this case also, let us
assume that the enterprise would be sold at the end of the 10-year period;
i.e., in 2018, at Rs.558 crores, which is 4.5 times Rs.124 crores (cash
flow in 2018), which in itself is a conservative estimate. And Rs.558
crores to be got in 2018 translates into Rs.215 crores at a 10% discount rate.
Table 4.10 Projected Cash Flows of VST Industries with
5% Annual Growth

Year
2009
2010
2011
2012

Amount
80
84
88
93

(in Rs. Cr.)

NPV
73
69
66
63
(Contd.)

85

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

Year
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
Sale in 2018

Amount
NPV
97
60
102
58
107
55
113
53
118
50
124
48
558
215
Total
811
Under these reasonable assumptions, the current market capitalization
values VST Industries at 37% of its intrinsic value. Considering the
above calculations it can be estimated that the intrinsic value for VST
Industries lies in the range Rs.633 to Rs.811 crores, based on the
conservative and reasonable expectations from the future offering an
extensive margin of safety.
4.4.5 Conclusion
Having discussed VST Industries Ltd as a contrarian investment
opportunity, let us end the discussion with an added advantage in VST
Industries that acts as an icing on the cake. It pays out a considerable
part of its earnings every year as dividends. During the financial year
2008, it paid out 50% of its earnings as dividends to shareholders translating
into a dividend yield of 6.5% at current market price of Rs. 309.
This measure has two implications for equity shareholders. First, we
are paid to wait for the closure of the price-value gap. Secondly, it
indicates the quality of earnings behind the enterprise and the lack of
capital required by the business. What more can a contrarian investor
ask for: getting paid to wait until the market participants realize the true
value of the enterprise!

86

FIVE
5

GROWTH TRAP

5.1 Introduction
5.2 Behavioral Anomalies behind Investors Chasing
Fads and Fancies
5.3 Starting of the Indian Equity Cult
5.4 Long-Term Stock Returns
5.5 Examples of Growth Trap
5.6 Differentiating between Good Investment and
Good Business
5.7 What does the Evidence Suggest?
5.8 Lessons for Investors
5.9 Conclusion

Growth Trap

5.1 INTRODUCTION
It is in our pursuit of making quick gains that we tend to take short-cuts
that lead us into difficult situations. There is the law of the farm: you
cannot reap today and sow tomorrow. A seed when sown has to go
through various seasons before it turns into a fully-grown tree. This
takes time.
So is the case in investments. You cannot have short cuts to making
money by buying stocks that
will go up fast. However, in
When everyone is chasing
the world of investments
growth stocks, these stocks
“growth stocks” offer such
become favorite and expensive,
opportunities. It is the
and investors tend to ignore
promise of a dream to make
the basic parameters of
big and fast money. Who
investing, like valuations,
does not like an opportunity
earnings and dividends.
like this? There are many
takers for it. This leads to a scramble for such growth stocks and investors
fall into the “growth trap”.
When everyone is chasing growth stocks, these stocks become a
favorite and they become expensive. However, investors believe that
since they are growth stocks the expensive price is justified, as the stocks
have the potential to go still higher. When chasing growth stocks,
investors tend to ignore the basic parameters of investing, like valuations,
earnings and dividends. Their focus is only on buying a stock, which
they will be able to subsequently sell at a huge profit to some other
investor.
When a high price is paid for an asset compared to its intrinsic value,
the returns on that asset are bound to suffer. This is what happens when
investors chase growth stocks. They get into the growth trap and their
returns take a hit over the long run.
One would argue that if the entry level in a growth stock has been
right, one might not get into the growth trap. But such entry levels are
reserved for the promoters, angel investors, private equity investors and
the venture capitalists. You have initial public offerings because these
investors need to exit. These offerings are usually timed in bull markets,
when people are willing to pay high valuations and get into the growth trap.
89

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

Stock markets offer all sorts of opportunities where investors are
either able to invest at throwaway prices or at ridiculous valuations.
Stock markets are known for their frenzies from time to time.
Sometimes the frenzy comes from a new idea or a technology (as
happened during the technology boom), sometimes it comes from
an idea heavily marketed by an operator (Harshad Mehta’s theory of
replacement cost took cement company ACC to Rs.10,000),
sometimes it comes from changes in government policies (the financial
services company boom in 1994–1995 due to the liberalization process
and the opening of the financial services sector), sometimes it comes
from the contagious effect of the global scenario (the
telecommunications boom in
the late 1990s and early 2000),
When a high price is paid for
and sometimes it is just a
an asset compared to its
change of investor perception
intrinsic value, the returns on
and sentiment like what
that asset are bound to
suffer.
happened during 2004–2007
when we had a commodity
boom, a real estate boom and a stock market boom the world over.
There was a mad rush for investing in these sectors. All these fads
attracted investors who rushed in to buy stocks of companies which
were “fancied”, only to lose fortunes when the fancy waned. Even if
they bought with an idea of the longer term, their returns would
suffer.

5.2 BEHAVIORAL ANOMALIES BEHIND INVESTORS
CHASING FADS AND FANCIES
Why do investors get trapped in spite of having the knowledge that
investment returns are dependent on the acquisition price? When
greed starts to dominate, intellectual reasoning paves the way for
emotional behavior. The heart starts ruling over the mind and investors
start making mistakes which, in the long run, harm their financial
interest. The following heuristics and biases explain why investors
get swayed in chasing fads and fancies.
90

Growth Trap

5.2.1 Availability Heuristic
Growth stocks are supposed to make investors very rich and hence they
become fancies of the market. What is a growth stock? It is a stock that
went way up. It is always in
The key lesson in investing is
hindsight that we know that it
to look for businesses which
was a growth stock. A stock
have the fundamentals to
which goes way up could be
beat the expectations built
because it is in a new industry
into the prices.
or has a new technology and
becomes the investors’ fancy.
Normally investors in stock markets tend to go for new ideas and thus
are built new fads and fancies. Investors start chasing these new ideas,
the stock price starts going up and people start believing that it is a
growth stock. Investors believe that money is to be made in such new
ideas and start investing. How does a concept of a new idea or a new
technology catch the attention of investors? The media play a very
important role in creating hype. When one is bombarded with the same
type of news everyday on a continuous basis, one falls prey to the
availability heuristic. That is, one starts believing and relying on readily
available information. This availability heuristic gets so strong that it
becomes the talk of the town and everyone starts advocating it.
Remember the “India Shining” story. It had become so strong that
every one started believing in it and talking about it. When the NDA
government lost the election it was clear that India was not shining. It
was only shining in the cities. In the early-1990s we had this fancy for
plantation stocks and these were so hyped up that people were willing
to invest in any plantation company. The fancy lasted for a couple of
years resulting in huge losses for the investor. How can we forget the IT
fancy in the late-1990s? The internet was supposed to change the
economy and the way people do business. Every one talked of the
emerging ‘new economy’. It was such a hyped-up affair that everyone
not only started believing it but also started advocating and investing in
the new economy companies. When reality dawned that there was
nothing like a new economy, investors as well as businesses lost heavily.
This is what happens when one gets swayed by the popular judgment
and joins the herd. In such times when one makes investments, one is
bound to take a hit on one’s returns.
91

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

5.2.2 Go with The Herd
The other day I was waiting at a traffic signal, as the light showed red.
Since no other car was coming from the other direction, which was
green, the car next to me broke the signal and raced ahead. The signal
was still red. Other cars also followed the car breaking the signal. Then
from behind me all other cars were honking, signaling others to go and
break the signal. And many other cars broke the signal in spite of it still
being red. Not only that, I was
For a rational investor who
cursed by the ones behind me
thinks in terms of business
for not going ahead. Now how
behind the stocks, the best
does one explain this behavior?
time to buy a business is when
Just one driver broke the law
it is available at a deep
and the others followed him
discount to its value.
blindly not realizing that it is
not the right thing to do. This
is what we call is going with the herd or in behavioral terms it is known
as ‘herd mentality’.
The availability heuristic makes people think in the same direction
and, thus, they do what others are doing. Chasing technology stocks
was more acceptable because everyone was chasing them. When you
become a part of the herd, you lose your own common sense, and you
do not want to be seen doing something different lest you look foolish.
Moreover, misery loves company. In case of a negative outcome, the
pain of regret is mitigated by the fact that many others also behaved
similarly.
In the driving case above I was the one who looked foolish. The
others who were breaking the signal did not mind being got caught as
they had company.
5.2.3 Overconfidence Bias
People are normally highly overconfident of their knowledge and
abilities. Ask a group of your friends how confident they are about their
driving skills and you will find that most of them would put themselves
as above average. You ask the same group of their chances of dying
before the age of 80 and you will also find that the majority was confident
to live beyond 80. This overconfidence is dangerous, especially when it
92

Growth Trap

comes to money and investing to make money. When one is
overconfident, one under-reacts to any new information that comes
because one believes that one is smarter than one actually is. Sift through
the track records of a few outstanding intelligent fund managers and
you will find that their losses have been more because of behavioral
biases stemming out of over-confidence, rather than lack of knowledge
or intellect.
Investment opportunities
don’t come daily. However, the
5.2.4 Bystander Effect
noise of the markets offer
Human beings seem to take
mispriced securities from
great comfort being in groups.
time to time.
For example, it is very common
to have a large group of people surround a tragic accident spot and not
do anything to help the victim. The reason cited is “nobody is coming
forward to help so it must be dangerous to act like that”, or “why should
I go forward when no one else is doing so”. In effect, we let other people’s
behavior influence our decision.
When it comes to investing, such behavior might not be the apt thing
to do because a crowd never seems to be doing the right thing. It only
leads stocks to ridiculous valuations, either over or under. Listening to
other people’s talk, interviews on the media, information on the internet,
newspaper reports, brokers’ tip sheets—should all warn one to remind
oneself not to fall prey to Bystander Effect.
5.2.5 Peer Pressure Effect
Two common occurrences that trigger envious behavior are (1)
Somebody looking over our shoulders to see how we are doing in our
professional lives, and (2) we wasting our time and energy tracking how
the other person is progressing in his professional life.
Using peer pressure to move in the right direction is always welcome,
but being outcome-oriented and trying to better the peer in everything
you do might not be a good thing for your emotional and financial
well-being. Being envious and jealous of others invariably triggers the
urge to seek rewards and not care for the effort required, leading to
irrational behavior. Each one of us would get what we deserve and what
we deserve is what we work towards. So it might not be a good idea to
93

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

track the performance of peers without focusing on what they seem to
be doing to get those results.
5.2.6 Information Cascades
During speculative excesses, a common behavior observed amongst
investors provides an interesting example of information cascade. What
happens is that participants seem to cease to reason on their own and
simply imitate the actions of other people, believing that to be the most
appropriate way. It is like simply copying somebody else’s actions, using
those as a substitute for reliable information, while simply ignoring the
true motives behind their actions. When a large majority of the public
gets into this sort of behavior, information cascade results in reality
diverging from fundamentals.
During the Harshad Mehta boom we had a whole lot of investors
blindly following him and
Being in control of one’s
buying stocks recommended
impulses and keeping the urges
by him. They believed that
in control will help one to spot
he was a great stock-picker
mis-priced opportunities and
to have amassed so much
avoid the growth trap.
wealth in stocks. This
information was not correct.
Money was siphoned off from banks and channeled into the stock
markets. We never knew what was actually his and what belonged to
the banks. It was assumed that all his wealth was made in picking winning
stocks. So was the case with the Ketan Parekh K10 stocks. He was known
as the pied piper of technology stocks. His cover was blown when the
technology boom ended and it soon became evident that his funds were
illegitimately diverted from different banks. They both had a huge
investor following and some even worshipped them. These are just two
examples, but such things happen very regularly in stock markets.
5.2.7 Halo Effect
‘Halo effect’ denotes the tendency where the perception about something
is based on a single variable rather than considering the overall picture.
As an investor, every time you hear somebody say that “XYZ Ltd is a
good buy because it is a growth stock” or “ABC Ltd is a good buy
because it is an infrastructure company”, you can say that it is an example
94

Growth Trap

of the halo effect. Because after all, a good investment has to have many
more factors to make it investment-worthy, in terms of management
quality, valuation, payout policy of the company, business model, etc.
So beware of judging a stock on a singular piece of information.

5.3 STARTING OF THE INDIAN EQUITY CULT
The late-1970s witnessed the start of the equity cult in the Indian stock
markets.
During those times, textiles was a hot sector and the industry had a
weightage of over 20% in the BSE Sensex. Reliance Industries entered
the capital markets in the late 1970s and with its state–of-the-art ultramodern facilities was about to change the rules of the game. It did so.
The public issue came with much fanfare. There were various rumors
regarding the sustainability of Mr. Dhirubhai Ambani (the founder of
Reliance Industries), but he proved his critics wrong. The company saw
a spectacular rise with a huge following from the retail investors. He
was the darling of the investors. Mr. Dhirubhai Ambani set the equity
cult in the Indian markets by being very investor-friendly and
handsomely rewarding his shareholders.
Ironically the other proponent of the equity cult was a socialist leader,
Mr. George Fernandes. The year 1977 saw the fall of the Congress
government and the Janata Dal government came to power. Mr. George
Fernandes, one of the constituents of the Janta Dal government, became
the Industries Minister. The Foreign Exchange Regulation was enacted
and all foreign companies were asked to either list their shares on the
Indian bourses or quit India. Some companies like Hindustan Lever
(HLL), Nestle, Colgate obliged, but others like Coca Cola quit. This
was the beginning of a new era in equity investing in India and all these
companies, which got listed, were known as ‘FERA’(Foreign Exchange
Regulation Act) companies. They soon became the stock market favorites
and almost all of them commanded high PEs. Indian shareholders had,
for the first time, an opportunity to invest in foreign-ownership
companies. Since the Controller of Capital Issues controlled the pricing
of new public issues, the Indian shareholder got these shares at ridiculous
valuations. For instance, HLL was forced to offer its shares to the Indian
public at Rs.16 (face value of Rs.10 at a premium of Rs.6.). These
95

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

companies made a lot of wealth for the Indian shareholders. With the
success of these initial listings, we saw a flood of international companies
entering the Indian capital markets. Their listing gave Indian investors
an opportunity to share the wealth created by such international
companies. What was once the domain of a few individuals or business
houses now spread to the equity investing class. Companies like Digital,
Xerox, Tektronix, Wartsila, Diesel, ZF Steering, to name a few, entered
India and made issues of shares to the Indian public.
Mr. George Fernandes, a hard-core socialist, was thus responsible for
enacting a law that helped capitalism, and laid the foundation of the
equity cult in India. These international companies were the ones who
understood early the power of the Indian consumer and the potential
for growth that India offered. This was the starting point when Indian
companies first tasted international competition.
Foreign companies like the engineering giant, Siemens, and the
pharmaceutical innovator, Glaxo, were listed in the Indian stock markets.
These companies were most sought after by the Indian investors, as
they were able to get the right ideas and technology from their parents
and had a very good global reach. They were considered future growth
stories. Glaxo commanded 3.21% weightage in the index and Siemens
had a weightage of 0.06%. Another FERA company was HLL an FMCG
giant, a part of the Unilever group, which had a weightage of 7.92% in
the Sensex.
The name of the industrial icons of India, the Tata group and the
Birla group, also commanded considerable respect with the investing
class. Hence, their stocks were also the fancy of the investors and they
also commanded a premium in the markets. The Tata group had the
following companies with their respective market weightage: Indian
Hotels 2.66%, Tata Power 1.63%, Tata Steel 4.71% and TELCO (now
Tata Motors) 7.98%, making a combined weightage of 16.98% in the
Sensex. The Birla group had Century Textiles 6.53%, Gwalior
Rayon(Grasim) 7.00%, Hindustan Motors 1.33%, Hindalco 2.39%
and Indian Rayon 12.48%, making a combined weightage of 29.73%
in the Sensex. Thus, the Tatas and the Birlas had over 45% of the market
capitalization of the Sensex.
It will be interesting to study the returns generated by the investors.
The following is the list of the different companies and their weightage
in the BSE Sensex.
96

Growth Trap
Table 5.1 Composition of Sensex in 1979

Sr. No.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30

Name
ACC1
Asian Cbls
Bharat Forge
Ballarpur Industries
Bombay Burma
Bombay Dyeing
Ceat
Century Textiles
Crompton Greaves
Glaxo
GSFC
Gwalior Rayon (Grasim)
Hindustan Motors
Hindalco
HLL
Indian Hotels
Indian Organics
Indian Rayon
ITC
Kirloskar Cummins
L&T
M&M
Mukand
Nestle
RIL
Scindia
Siemens
Tata Power
Tata Steel
Telco

Sector
Industrial
Electricals
Automobile
Materials
Diversified
Textiles
Automobile
Textiles
Electricals
Health Care
Materials
Diversified
Automobile
Metals
Consumer Goods
Consumer Services
Materials
Textiles
Consumer Goods
Industrial
Industrial
Automobile
Metals
Consumer Goods
Materials
Consumer Services
Electricals
Energy
Metals
Automobile

% of Index
4.75
0.35
0.41
3.94
0.79
4.70
0.83
6.53
2.61
3.21
5.60
7.00
1.33
2.39
7.92
2.66
1.48
12.48
4.44
0.87
3.61
1.43
1.56
0.80
2.80
1.15
0.06
1.63
4.71
7.98

The hot sectors of that era were led by Textiles with 23.71 % weightage in
the Sensex, followed by Materials at 13.82%, Consumer Goods at 13.16%,
Automobiles at 11.98%, Industrials at 9.23% and others at 28.10%.
Common sense would say that most of the stocks belonging to the
hot sectors and owned by the famous houses of Tatas and Birlas and the
upcoming Reliance group of Dhirubhai Ambani would have rewarded
the shareholders immensely.
97

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

Will you pick Indian Rayon (Textiles and Birla Group) over Bharat
Forge (Forgings and Kalyani Group) or Reliance Industries (Textiles
and Ambani Group) over Glaxo (Pharmaceutical and multinational)?

5.4 LONG-TERM STOCK RETURNS
Table 5.2 shows the returns of the 1979 Sensex over a 27-year period
from 1979 to 2006. The results are startling. Bharat Forge was an
ordinary forging company and Mahindra and Mahindra (M&M) was
just a tractor and jeep manufacturing company. Both these companies
were in mediocre businesses and did not command any fancy in the
stock markets. Their sectors also did not command any fancy. Although
both of them were classified into the Auto and Auto Ancillary sector
which was a hot sector, both had very mediocre businesses; forging for
Bharat Forge and Tractors and jeeps for M&M. This was evident from
the fact that Bharat Forge had a weightage of just 0.41% in the Sensex
while M&M had 1.43%. In fact, Bharat Forge saw its exit from the
Index in 1982, just three years later. Their managements were not any
great icons in the capital markets but understood their businesses and
ran them efficiently. No great technology was required and entry barriers
for potential newcomers were also low. They were just old economy
companies run very efficiently.
Table 5.2 1979 Index Ranked by Returns to 2006

Sr. No.

Name

Sector

Returns (%)

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11

ITC
Bharat Forge
Nestle
Kirloskar Cummins
HLL
Siemens
M&M
Hindalco
ACC
Indian Hotels
Glaxo

Consumer Goods
Automobiles
Consumer Goods
Industrials
Consumer Goods
Electricals
Automobiles
Metals
Industrials
Consumer Services
Health Care

31.69
31.50
28.70
28.15
26.98
26.73
26.68
26.10
25.67
24.60
24.17

(Contd.)
98

Growth Trap
Sr. No.

Name

Sector

Returns (%)

12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30

Tata Power
Crompton Greaves
L&T
GSFC
Gwalior Rayon (Grasim)
Century
Indian Rayon
Bombay Burma
Telco (Tata Motors)
RIL
Bombay Dyeing
Tata Steel
Ceat
Mukand
Hindustan Motors
Ballarpur Industries
Indian Organics
Asian Cables
Scindia

Energy
Electricals
Industrials
Materials
Diversified
Textiles
Textiles
Diversified
Automobiles
Materials
Textiles
Metals
Automobiles
Metals
Automobiles
Materials
Materials
Electricals
Consumer Services

23.00
21.94
20.79
20.10
19.52
19.33
19.24
18.65
18.59
18.57
18.48
14.32
13.24
13.16
10.00
8.44
2.61
2.21
–1.61

It is interesting to note the returns to the shareholders who invested
in the above companies. If one were to go by the popular thinking and
fast recall value of big names, one would assume that Reliance Industries,
Bombay Dyeing, Larsen and Toubro (L&T), Tata and Birla group
companies and the FERA companies like HLL and Siemens would have
earned maximum returns for the investors. However, the picture is totally
different when one looks at the above table. Not so well-known
companies in mediocre industries, run by uncharismatic and simple
management, have performed better than the fancies of the market.
The returns from investments in Bharat Forge, Kirloskar Cummins and
M&M far exceeded the returns of their peers.
Bharat Forge has returned 31.50% and Mahindra and Mahindra
(M&M) 26.68%. As against that, Reliance has returned only 18.57%,
L&T (Larsen and Toubro) 20.79% and Glaxo 24.17%. During the
99

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

same period, the BSE Sensex has returned 20.02 per cent. Both these
once insignificant companies have beaten the most sought-after
companies. Bharat Forge has stolen the show by beating its rivals by a
huge margin. M&M has also beaten its rivals by a considerable margin.
However this difference over a period of 27 years is very significant
with the power of compounding. The table below shows what Rs.10,000
invested in a company would have become at the end of 27 years.
Table 5.3

Return
Rank
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15

Returns from Different Companies for the Period
1979–2006

Company
ITC
Bharat Forge
Nestle
Kirloskar Cummins
HLL
Siemens
M&M
Hindalco
ACC
Indian Hotels
Glaxo
Tata Power
Crompton Greaves
L&T
GSFC

Annual
Return (%)
31.69
31.50
28.70
28.15
26.98
26.73
26.68
26.10
25.67
24.60
24.17
23.00
21.94
20.79
20.10

Final Accumulation
of Rs. 10,000
Rs. 1,69,01,511
Rs. 1,62,55,313
Rs. 90,91,191
Rs. 80,98,461
Rs. 63,21,989
Rs. 59,94,386
Rs. 59,30,857
Rs. 52,39,711
Rs. 47,78,082
Rs. 37,93,038
Rs. 34,55,019
Rs. 26,75,704
Rs. 21,18,103
Rs. 16,39,972
Rs. 14,04,951

Kirloskar Cummins returned 28.15% and HLL returned 26.98%, a
difference of only 1.17%. Nevertheless, Rs10,000 invested in Kirloskar
Cummins would have fetched Rs 80.98 lakhs and the same investment
in HLL would have given Rs 63.21 lakhs— a difference of Rs 17.77 lakhs.
It also needs to be mentioned that the FERA companies like ITC,
HLL, Siemens, Nestle and Glaxo have also given spectacular performance
even though they were a part of the hot sectors. Their returns would
have been much higher if they were not the most sought-after stocks.
Three of them have been in the FMCG sector, with strong brands and
100

Growth Trap

distribution networks. I have always been a strong proponent of that
sector and we will discuss the same in the chapter on sector analysis.
Siemens in the engineering sector and Glaxo in the pharmaceutical sector
have also given good returns to the shareholders, but not as much as
would be expected from big multinationals as compared to their peers.
5.4.1 What Constitutes Stock Returns?
What are the main factors that comprise stock returns? Fundamentally,
a stock return is a function of two variables: price appreciation and
dividend. Increase in the price of a stock will lead to returns by way of
price appreciation, and dividends are yearly cash flows from the stock
that you hold. Re-investing these dividends to buy more of the scrip
will lead to a rise in the number of units of stocks held. Reinvested
dividends form a major part of stock returns.
Let us take a case study of ITC Ltd., originally known as the Imperial
Tobacco Company Ltd. ITC Ltd. has given a healthy return of 31.69%
from 1979 to 2006.
Let us assume that 100 shares were purchased at the then prevailing
price of Rs.25 per share on 1 April 1979 (Table 5.4). Subsequently, the
company declared a dividend of 15% on the face value of Rs.10 on 24
August 1979, resulting in a total cash inflow of Rs.150. This money
was then used to buy additional shares of the company. Six more shares
were bought at the then prevailing ex-dividend price of Rs.23.50. Thus,
the total holding of ITC shares increased to 106. In the year 1980, the
company issued bonus shares in the ratio of 1 for every 5 shares held.
Thus the shareholding increased from 106 shares to 127 shares.
Table 5.4 Returns from ITC Stock, 1979–1980
Face Price/ Dividend Total Additional Total
Value Share
(%)
Dividend Shares
no. of
(Rs.) (Rs.)
Received
(no.)
Shares
(Rs.)
01-Apr-79 10
25.00
100
24-Aug-79 10
23.50
15
150.00
6
106

Remarks

Date

01-Aug-80 10

22.00

-

-

21

127

29-Aug-80 10

22.50

15

190.50

9

136

101

Initial investment
6 shares bought
using Rs.150
dividend
Bonus issue: 1 share
for 5 shares held
9 shares bought
using Rs.190.50
dividend

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

Subsequently, a dividend of 15% was declared on 29 August 1980,
resulting in a cash inflow of Rs.190.50. When the said money was again
reinvested, 9 more shares were bought at ex-dividend price of Rs.22.50,
taking the total holding to 136 shares.
In a matter of less than two years, the number of shares increased by
36 per cent (from 100 to 136). On further scrutiny, we can see that the
stock price fell to Rs.22.50 on 29 August 1980. After considering the
21 shares received as bonus shares and presuming that dividends were
not re-invested, the value of the initial investment of Rs.2,500 would
have increased to Rs.2,722. However, with the dividends reinvested,
the value of the investment was Rs.3,060 (136 shares times Rs.22.50)
with the reinvested dividends. Thus, reinvested dividends have
appreciated the value of our investments. From this perspective, we
can say that reinvested dividends act as a hedge against depreciation of
stock price when used correctly, that is, at right valuations.
Dividends play a very important role in the determination of stock
returns. In olden times, when technology was not available, the best way
to understand the profitability of a company was not the cash flow
statements or balance sheet analysis. What the company distributed as
dividends was the real test of the company’s earnings. Only earnings and
positive cash flow will enable the company to distribute dividends. This
conventional wisdom still holds true. A chicken for its eggs, bees for their
honey, cow for her milk and a stock for its dividend. Why does one invest
in stocks? To earn a return which is by way of a dividend. The stock being
listed on the stock market will also enable the investor to get more return
by way of capital appreciation only when he sells the shares.

5.5 EXAMPLES OF GROWTH TRAP
5.5.1 ACC or Century Textiles?
To understand the growth trap better, let us look at another example.
In the 1970s and 1980s, the textile industry witnessed a spectacular
boom in India. Textile companies were mushrooming all over the
country. If you were in the stock market in 1979, you would have at
least some of your money invested in textile stocks and you would have
been a firm believer that the future of India lies in textiles.
102

Growth Trap

There were three textile companies in the Sensex; viz., Century
Textiles, Indian Rayon and Bombay Dyeing. Century Textiles had over
6.50% per cent of the weightage in the Sensex.
It is 1979. You are given a choice to buy one of the two stocks from
the index to plan for your retirement. One is Century Textiles. It is the
stock market favorite and happens to be in a promising sector, Textiles.
The other one is Associated Cement Company (ACC) an ordinary
cement company classified as commodities. The stock would be governed
by the prices of cement in this cyclical industry.
Assume that you would be reinvesting all the dividends and subscribe
to all the right issues if any. The returns of this investment will be
calculated a quarter of a century later and will be used for your
retirement. Which company will make you comfortable and rich?
To help one decide better, let us have a look at the textiles and the
cement industries. The textile industry is a steady sector and is devoid
of any industrial cycles. There is demand for textiles throughout the
year and consumers spend on clothes more frequently than on cement.
Cement being a pure commodity industry is highly cyclical in nature.
The cement industry is directly dependent on the infrastructure sector,
and any fall in the construction and infrastructure spending will hit the
cement industry. At the same time, it is extremely difficult to predict
the boom and bust of a cyclical industry. If one were to ask a professional,
one would be advised to go for Century rather than ACC. All the
arguments are in favor of Century and it is the most talked about and
hot stock in the market. It had all the characteristics of a growth stock.
A high PE signifying high investor expectations and a lower dividend
yield. A growth stock where one could benefit from a higher capital
appreciation and which was the market favorite would be the natural
choice.
However, in reality, 27 years later one would have been better off
had one bought ACC. Buying Century would have got one into the
Growth Trap. ACC beat Century by a wide margin in returns to the
investor. Chasing a fancy and following the herd is a sure way to pay an
excessive price and thus get into the growth trap.

103

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance
Why did ACC Beat Century Textiles?

The answer in short is “valuation”. Valuation is nothing but the price
that one pays for the future stream of expected earnings and the
dividends. Since Century was a growth stock and a market favorite there
was too much of investor expectation built into the stock price. Hence,
an investor ended up paying a higher price for its future stream of
earnings. This resulted in a low yield. On the other hand, ACC being
a neglected stock, there were no inbuilt investor expectations in the
stock price. This made ACC a high dividend yield stock. This benefited
the investor from the time he bought the stock. The average dividend
yield of ACC was more than double the dividend yield of Century.
ACC’s average PE ratio, an important parameter of valuation, was 14
points lower than that of Century Textiles. This made ACC far cheaper
than Century. The following table shows the wide difference in the
valuation measures of both the companies.
Table 5.5 Valuation of Century Textiles versus ACC

Valuation Measures

Century Textiles

ACC

Average Dividend Yield
(1979- 2006)

2.41

5.51

Average PE (1979-2006)

38.94

24.31

A critical component of stock return is the dividend from the stock.
In earlier times, when information technology was not available to enable
widespread and easy access to data, the best way to understand the
profitability of a company was not the cash flow statements or the balance
sheet. What the company distributed as dividends was the real test of
the company’s earnings. Only earnings and positive cash flow will enable
the company to distribute dividends. And it is these dividends that matter
in the long run.
These yearly dividends can be used to buy more of the same stock.
This not only increases the holding in a particular stock but also has a
compounding effect of increased dividends. This power of compounding
is what has made all the difference.
ACC had a lower price and a higher dividend yield. Thus, more
shares could be bought out of its yearly dividends. This has resulted in
104

Growth Trap

a return of 25.67 %. As against that Century has returned 19.33%
only, a difference of 6.34%.
Table 5.6 Sources of Return (1979-2006)

Return Measures
Capital Appreciation
Dividend Yield
Total Return

Century Textiles
16.92%
2.41%
19.33%

ACC
20.16%
5.51%
25.67%

To help us put the premium of 6.34%, earned over an extended
period of 27 years, let us compare the final value of Rs 1 lakh invested
in 1979, at the end of 2006.
Table 5.7 Growth of Investment from 1979 to 2006

Name

CAGR%

Century Textiles
ACC

19.33
25.67

Initial
Investment
Rs. 1 lakh
Rs. 1 lakh

Final
Accumulation
Rs. 1.2 crores
Rs. 5.1 crores

In the case of Century Textiles, Rs. 1 lakh grew 120-fold to Rs.1.2
crores. However for ACC the Rs.1 lakh grew 510 fold to a whopping
Rs. 5.1 crores. At the end of 27 years taking into consideration inflation,
this difference is phenomenal for a retired person.
5.5.2 Infosys: Another Victim of Growth Trap
Let us look at another example from the recent past. I think most readers
would agree that the very mention of ‘Infosys’ brings to mind a company
that is synonymous with the face of Indian companies that have proven
to the world the competence of India in the corporate space, and whose
corporate governance principles have set a benchmark for corporations
not only in India, but worldwide.
Equally impressive has been the growth of the enterprise, all the while
maintaining one of the highest returns on capital employed. Infosys has
compounded its bottom-line by as much as 37% over the last 8 years.
The phenomenal trend of corporate earnings growth of Infosys can be
seen from the chart below.
105

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

Figure 5.1 Infosys Net Profit, 1993–2007
However, how good have the results been for the shareholders in this
excellent company? If a shareholder had bought shares in March 2000
at the height of the IT boom, he would not have seen a stock price
higher than his purchase price until June 2006. Moreover, except for a
spurt in the stock prices from mid-2006 to the end of 2007, the stock
price is still trading below the March 2000 levels.

Figure 5.2 Infosys Stock Price, 1993–2007
This underperformance is not due to any depressed market
conditions. In fact, during this period, Indian stock markets witnessed
the biggest boom period in history. The BSE Sensex went up from
around 3,000 in 2003 to 21,000 in January 2008. The fact that Infosys
has not generated any capital appreciation over the last eight years is not
because of depressed market conditions, but as a result of the growth
106

Growth Trap

trap. Investors expecting growth were willing to pay any price for the
stock. This greed and irrationality got them into the growth trap.
Analyzing the Constituents of Stock Returns

The two components that constitute total shareholder returns are capital
appreciation and dividends. These two components have an interesting
difference. The dividend is a function of corporate performance during
the year and the general dividend policy followed by the company, and
is not dependent on the changes in market participants’ perceptions
about the business. For example, let us assume that a company has
historically paid out 50% of its earnings as dividends to shareholders,
and at current market price it results in a dividend yield of 5%. Moreover,
if we have reason to believe that dividends will be maintained at 50% of
earnings and can also reasonably expect that, with earnings growth, the
dividend on our purchase price is set to grow, then the dividend
component not only provides an important source of shareholder returns
but also acts as a potential downside risk protection agent.
Let us understand the dividend yield component of Infosys. It was a
miniscule 0.05% in March 2000. The payout was 10% of the net profit,
which is understandable considering that any growing company would
have had to infuse as much capital into the business as possible. So the
favorability of the dividend yield component was not at all applicable in
the case of Infosys, which leaves us with the capital appreciation
component to compensate.
On the other hand, the capital appreciation component is not a
function of corporate performance alone but of the general trend in
profitability as well as the market’s perception of future trend. This is
subject to change as the perception shifts between excessive optimism
and pessimism.
In fact, the dividend component is much easier to estimate and more
reliable than the capital appreciation component.
Let us take a step forward to understand the importance of these
components in the quality of returns one can expect to generate in Infosys
in March 2000. As can be seen from the chart below the PE ratio of
Infosys ranged between 150 and 300 times during the year 1999–2000.
107

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

Figure 5.3 Infosys Price-Earnings Ratio, 1993–2007
What does this stellar PE ratio tell us? Investors’ expectations were
running very high. They were expecting very high growth and were
willing to pay high prices for the stock, thinking that this high growth
would reward them with higher returns. Investors had become irrational.
The net profit earned by Infosys in March 2000 was Rs 293 crores.
Assuming that it would continue its growth sprint of 37%, over the
next 8 years, the net profit in March 2007 would have been Rs 3,783
crores.
In March 2000, Infosys was trading at a PE ratio of 201, resulting in
a market capitalization of Rs 58,985 crores. For this stellar growth of
37% to be translated into returns for shareholders, the PE ratio would
have to be maintained at 201 for the next seven years. Not only that
this was not possible but it was not sustainable also. In such a scenario
the market capitalization of Infosys would have been a whopping
Rs.7,60,383 crores; i.e., $190 billion. This would have been around
15-20% of India’s present GDP.
Investors who expected such growth rates from Infosys suffered from
the double whammy effect resulting in suboptimal shareholder returns,
despite an excellent performance by Infosys. This was because of belowexpectation growth rates (in spite of 37% growth rate achieved) and rerating of the PE ratio based on below expectation results. It is amply
evident as to how irrational behavior gets investors into problems, rather
than the company in which they invest. Understanding the difference
between a good company and a good stock is critical.
108

Growth Trap

5.6 DIFFERENTIATING BETWEEN GOOD INVESTMENT
AND GOOD BUSINESS
Equity as an asset class has outperformed other asset classes over the last
few decades. Yet a majority of equity investors have not been able to
replicate such superior results for their portfolios. Why? Part of the reason
lies in the way they approach equity investments—they are often
speculating, believing that they are investing, by acting on news, using
demand-supply mismatch as a basis to predict future price changes.
Investing is about buying a piece of business at a price where the
business offers enough safety in the form of assets owned by it and
earnings potential in the form of profits available for distribution to
shareholders.
Another reason which acts as a deterrent in achieving superior returns,
is holding on to certain misconceptions about successful investing. One
such widespread misconception is that successful investing is all about
buying good businesses and holding onto them for the long-term. I use
the term ‘misconception’ because the above principle ignores a vital
step involved in appraisal of securities—comparing what is being offered
for the amount paid.
Buying an exceptional business at an exorbitant price makes it a
mediocre or even bad investment and buying a mediocre business at a
bargain price makes it a good investment.
5.6.1

A Case in Point—Hindustan Lever Ltd. versus
Larsen and Toubro

Let us go back to the year 2001. The technology boom had just busted.
People were afraid to enter the stock markets. Loss-aversion was so high
that either they chose fixed income securities or if it was equity
investments the choice fell on well-known companies with a good longterm sustainable business.
One such stock was HLL. It was a leader in its industry; earning
exceptional returns on capital employed, and was expected to continue
doing well in the future. It being in the FMCG space had a strong
brand and an extensive distribution network.
Another such stock was L&T. It was a leader in its industry, earning
mediocre returns on capital employed and was expected to tag along in
109

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

the difficult space of capital goods and infrastructure. It was a neglected
stock, being in a mediocre business, earning average return on capital
employed, whose prospect for growth and improvement in operational
efficiency were overlooked.
However, four years down the line there emerged a very different
picture (Table 5.8).
Table 5.8 Comparative Performance of HLL and L&T, 2001 to 2005

Name

ROCE
ROCE
PE
PE
Performance
(Dec 2001) (Dec 2005) (Dec 2001) (Dec 2005)
%
HLL
66.0
55.0
32.5
32.7
-11.8
L&T
11.5
29.5
17.8
36.0
422

ROCE: Return on capital employed
PE: Price to earnings ratio
Hindustan Lever— A Star that could not Rise beyond the Horizon

As the above table shows, an investor actually lost money by investing
in HLL. First, it was due to the exceptionally high price paid for HLL.
Investors paid 32.5 times its earnings. They were expecting that these
earnings would be sustainable, as they had been in the past. Investor
expectations from HLL were very high and when those did not
materialize investors lost interest. Investors expected it to do exceptionally
well, without considering the fact that high returns attract competition
and if the customers are sensitive to price changes, no matter how strong
the brand value, profitability gets impacted. And it did, as the ROCE
declined from 66% to 55%.
Larsen & Toubro – An Unexpected Winner

In the case of L&T, the investor paid only 17.8 times its earnings.
Investor expectations built in to the price were not high. It had a low
ROCE of just 11.5%. This positioned the company as a mediocre
business and it did not command any investor fancy. On the contrary
this low ROCE acted as an entry barrier to the industry and newcomers
were not attracted to enter. Little competition, together with a firm
foothold in the market, enabled the company to take advantage of the
change in the environment. This gave a sudden boost to the ROCE,
which has gone up from 11.5% to 29.5% in just four years. This is
110

Growth Trap

what the market likes and it has become an investor fancy. Investors
have started extrapolating this performance too long into the future and
are willing to give it a PE of 36.
Investor returns in L&T are due to increase in the profitability of the
company and also in the rating of the company. This re-rating is due to
investor behavior and the change of sentiment.
Here again there is evidence of a growth trap when investors pay a
higher price for the foreseeable growth and ignore inexpensive companies
with potential growth.

5.7 WHAT DOES THE EVIDENCE SUGGEST?
There is actually nothing like a growth stock. It is an invention of analysts
and investment bankers to sell expensive stocks to investors. Ultimately,
when one buys a stock for investment one has to look at the following:
• Quality of the management
• Sustainability of the business
• Good cash flow to enable dividend payments
• Reasonable return on investment
• Right valuations
The first two are qualitative and would depend upon individual
judgment. However, the other three are quantitative and quite easy to
calculate and understand. But investors are so carried away by the trends
in the market that they do not make decisions out of their minds but
out of their hearts. When this happens, it is emotional investing. Investors
tend to be with the herd and do what others are doing. Thus they start
chasing fancies or the next hot thing in the market. This gives the stocks
they are chasing a momentum, and these stocks start moving up. More
people start buying as they see that others have made money and thus
the stock becomes a growth stock. Why? Because it is appreciating.
Moreover how does one justify such foolish buying of stocks at ridiculous
valuations? Simple: you call it a growth stock, as you are unable to justify
the valuations.
That is why even if you have bought a good company, if you bought
when it was a fancy or so-called growth stock, you tend to lose out on
the long-term returns as you invariably paid a higher price than justified
111

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

by its valuations. The return on stocks depends on growth in earnings.
But in reality, we need to check whether the growth in earnings exceeds
investor’s expectations and those growth expectations are embodied in
the PE ratio. Thus we tend to pay a much higher price for growth or
fancy stocks because of unreasonable growth expectations of the investing
class. This is not only true of companies but also of sectors.

5.8 LESSONS FOR INVESTORS
The key lesson to take away from the above examples is to look for
businesses which have the fundamentals to beat the expectations built
into the prices. The larger the gap between the intrinsic value based on
quantitative analysis and the expected value built into the price, the
better the results would be for an investor.
At any given point in time, very few of the businesses traded on the
stock exchange would qualify the above test of expectations game. But
if one can train oneself to spot the behavioral anomalies that lead to
mispricing, one could expect to spot some bargains. Some of the
behavioral anomalies common among all the fads and fancies that lead
investors into the “growth trap” are discussed below.
5.8.1 Novelty Over Familiarity
The stock markets’ fascination with something new is as old as the
establishment of stock exchanges. Right from the Tulip mania, when a
flower became so important to investors for no utilitarian reason, to the
South Sea bubble, when the company promised to amass gold that
exceeded the estimated quantity of gold on earth, to the more recent
Tech bubble of 2000 when people paid exorbitant prices for technology
stocks and earnings seemed to matter little—people believed that there
is more to a business than the assets it owns or the profits it can potentially
earn from those assets. We are about to see such excesses in the
infrastructure and the real estate sectors.
Time has proven again and again that an enterprise is worth the
amount it can earn for its owners in the form of distributable earnings
over its estimated lifetime. It deviates to excessive levels during boom
and bust alike, but this basic law does not change.
112

Growth Trap

During such times, people in their pursuit to grab a piece of something
novel forget the inherent strength of time-tested familiar businesses
which, in all probability, would continue to do business as they have
done in the past. At such times, investing in something that has stood
the test of time and has earnings to show for the price payable offers an
opportunity for a contrarian investor to prosper.
5.8.2 Growth or Financial Cancer
Expected growth in itself is no indication of value-creation potential of
a business. To be able to understand the true impact of growth on the
ability of a business to create shareholder wealth, one needs to try and
estimate how much cash would be required to produce a unit of growth
in earnings.
Only if it is higher than the cost of capital can growth be considered
as value-accretive. Otherwise, it can be considered as value-destructive
and growth would be a negative factor in the value equation. So, every
time you come across growth projections don’t forget to ask yourself,
how much capital does the business require to grow?
Occasionally, the stock market is involved in a fancy parade where all
that matters to participants is that a certain industry will achieve a high
growth rate going forward. They forget to ask questions about capital
requirement, competition and potential for downward shift in the average
ROCE earned by the industry, current expectations built into the stock
price as compared to the growth expectations implied in the business,
and so on. Neglecting to ask these questions inevitably leads to
losses. Avoid mental short-cuts in processing information. Process all
information and do not be carried away by hearsay.
5.8.3 Recency Effect
Psychologists define the recency effect as a heuristic where people tend
to overweigh events that are recent because they are easy to recall.
Investors exhibit extreme forms of this bias at the height and the bottom
of stock market cycles. Just before the market crashes, the liquidity and
optimism is highest amongst the investor community as a whole.
Conversely, during bear markets, the amount of capital invested in
equities as a percentage of total household savings is at its lowest,
indicating people’s tendency to overweigh the short-term
113

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

underperformance of the market to defer their investments in equity
markets.
For a rational investor who thinks in terms of business behind the
stocks the best time to buy a business is when it is available at a deep
discount to its value. That is not to say that one could spot the bottom
of a bear market. The long-term investing principle is put to the test
and one needs to have the conviction to wait patiently from one’s buying
point until interest is renewed.

5.9 CONCLUSION
Investment opportunities don’t come daily. However the noise of the
markets offer mispriced securities from time to time. All information
on companies is always readily available. This can never be an edge in
investing. However, many believe it to be so. But there are a lot of
investors who are swayed by the noise of the markets and their crowd
behavior gives opportunities to a rational investor. Being in control of
one’s impulses and keeping the urges in control will help one to spot
mispriced opportunities and avoid the growth trap. A growth stock is a
stock which went way up. It is always in hindsight.

114

SIX
6

COMMODITY INVESTING

6.1 Commodity Stocks
6.2 Behavioral Biases
6.3 Valuation Parameters
6.4 The Paradox: Conventional Thinking does not Hold True
6.5 Sugar: A Case Study
6.6 Key Differentiating Factors
6.7 Commodity Cycles
6.8 Stock Market Triggers
6.9 Conclusion

Commodity Investing

6.1 COMMODITY STOCKS
Why do people buy commodity stocks?
What research does one do about a commodity stock?
If the price of a commodity goes up the stock price of a company
producing that commodity
starts rising as well.
The basic idea behind
investing in a business is to
Investors keep a tab on the
calculate how much we are
prices of commodities and then
getting for our money’s worth
make their buy and sell
as compared to other
decisions on a commodity
opportunities.
stock. If one is doing so much
study to track the price
movement of a commodity, is it not better for one to buy the commodity
itself? Why should one go for a commodity stock? We have commodity
exchanges dealing in each and every commodity and the investor or the
trader would be better off operating in the commodity directly.
However, commodity stocks are listed on the stock markets. These
provide investors an opportunity to earn returns. It becomes important
to understand how to value a commodity stock. The valuation parameters
have to be very different because the commodity prices are subject to
commodity cycles. Moreover, companies in the commodities have
varying capital structures.
If you are thinking of applying the conventional parameters like good
management, efficiently run, healthy balance sheet, less debt and
manageable interest burden to value a commodity stock, you are in for
a big surprise.
Things do not work that way for a commodity stock. In fact, the
opposite might hold true.
Market valuations are dependant on a host of psychological factors
of the investors. Their short-term view to make short-term profits
completely changes the conventional parameters. The stock markets
are also based on the earnings parameters and the current earnings take
precedence over other factors like sustainability of those earnings, the
long term health of the company, and the management.
The short-term behavior of investors to only look at immediate gains,
has made the concept of Earnings-Per-Share (EPS) as the most effective
117

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

measurable tool to judge a company, where as in the long run, it is the
net cash generated by the business that determines the returns for the
shareholders.
This makes a strong case for evaluating commodity companies
differently as their prices are subject to volatility in the short run, which
is very difficult to predict. Moreover it is this volatility that attracts and
excites the speculative tendency of the investors. Understanding investor
behavioral biases is the first step to understanding why commodity
companies need to be evaluated differently.

6.2 BEHAVIORAL BIASES
If one is looking at higher returns accruing by investing in commodity
stocks, the conventional wisdom of buying a good company may not
hold true, especially in the short run. Commodities have cycles and
most investors make money by getting early in to cycle when the
commodity prices start hardening. However, returns from commodity
stocks are governed by the perceptions of a large number of investors.
Their behavior and their
perceptions
of
the
In the sock markets, a small
commodity stock are
percentage of people end up
dependent on the bottom
being successful in the long run,
line of the company in
whereas the majority of people,
question. It will be
in spite of being successful in the
important to understand the
short run, end up losers in the
various behavioral biases
long run.
before we go on to analyze
the commodity stock valuation parameters.
Heuristics or mental short-cuts play an important role in framing
investor decisions.
“Heuristics are simple, efficient rules of thumb which have been
proposed to explain how people make decisions, come to judgments
and solve problems, typically when facing complex problems or
incomplete information. These rules work well under most
circumstances, but in certain cases lead to systematic cognitive biases.”
—Daniel Kahneman

118

Commodity Investing

6.2.1 Representativeness
When commodity prices start moving up, the trend is reflected in the
working results of the leaders in the commodity stocks. The leaders are
well-run companies having a healthy balance sheet and a reasonable
market share. Due to their market position, they command a good respect
and following in the markets and are tracked by a majority of the analysts.
They could also be a part of the index. When the leaders start doing
well in a particular commodity, the laggards also attract attention from
investors, as they are also perceived to be able to deliver good results in
view of the hardening commodity prices. Due to the effect of the
representativeness heuristic, we have all the stocks of that commodity
moving upwards and attracting investor attention. At this point of time,
investors do not see if the company is good or bad. They buy it because
it is representative of a commodity whose price is rising.
Markets are always
chasing such growth
stories. An exponential rise
in the bottom line is
mistaken for sustainable
growth momentum.

6.2.2 Round Trip Fallacy

Consider the following statement,
“All successful people are hard
workers.” Can we thus conclude
that all hard workers are successful
people? Definitely not. Hard work
is one of the most important attributes behind successful people, but it
is not the singular attribute.
Most of the cheap stocks generally have low or moderate PE ratios
and only in exceptional cases have a high PE ratio. By believing that all
low PE stocks would necessarily be cheap stocks one is succumbing to
the “round trip fallacy”.
Coming to the commodity stocks, one would believe that a wellmanaged commodity company producing at a low cost would generate
higher returns for the company. In view of its higher earnings per share
it would be able to command a higher PE and thus a higher price.
Being a low-cost producer is an integral attribute for the company.
However, investors look at other attributes, which may not be integral,
but can have a good effect on the bottom line. We will see in the course
119

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

of this chapter that a well-managed low-cost commodity company may
not necessarily generate higher returns for the investor.
6.2.3 Rising Tide and Low-base Effect
A rising tide lifts everybody. When the tide rises every one standing in
the water goes up with the tide. A six-foot father with his three-foot son
in the water would both go up with the tide; however, the son’s rise will
be far more significant as his starting point is half that of his father. This
is known as the low-base effect.
A commodity cycle turnaround lifts all the players in the industry.
This is where the low-base effect becomes very important when we look
at returns generated by investors. It is relatively easier to improve PBDT*
margins from 5% to 10% than from 20% to 40%. This is where the
laggards score over the leaders. Investors are thus more excited with the
laggards as they seem to be performing better than the leaders. This
makes the stock go up much faster resulting in good returns for the
investors.
Value investors would
always shun commodity
6.2.4 Herd Mentality
stocks, as they never fit
Investors are always chasing fads and
into their valuation
fancies in the markets. A turnaround
parameters.
story is good news for the investors.
Once a commodity turnaround is identified and the trend shows an
upward movement we have the ‘herd’ of investors chasing it. This leads
to a spurt in stock prices, which in turn leads to more investors joining
the herd. When such crowd behavior is at work, there is no rationality.
The only goal is to buy faster than the neighbor. As certain stocks go up
and become expensive, the attention turns to other laggards in the same
industry, as they seem cheaper. This again leads to massive demand for
such stocks.

6.3

VALUATION PARAMETERS

“Investing is most intelligent when it is most business-like.”—Benjamin
Graham
*PBDT stands for ‘Profit before Depreciation and Tax.

120

Commodity Investing

The basic idea behind investing in a business is to calculate how much
we are getting for our money’s worth as compared to other opportunities.
An understanding of the concept of valuation plays an important role
in successful implementation of the above principle.
“Price is what you pay, value is what you get.”—Benjamin Graham
Investing, thus, is all about identifying strong sustainable businesses
capable of giving the investor sustainable earnings over a longer period
of time.
The stock market is probably the only place where people develop
the habit of paying real money for future promises.
If one goes by the above parameters of valuing a commodity company
one gets a bit confused. How does one really understand the business of
commodities? Can one really do it? The performance of all commodity
stocks is dependent on the price movements of the underlying
commodities. The stock price fluctuates with the fluctuations in the
price of commodities. Since this is not a very exciting business and cyclical
in nature, one can expect to get normal average returns except in
abnormal times when there is a run up in the price of commodities due
to reasons like excess demand, acts of God, government controls, etc.
We have been witnessing such a commodities boom that started in 2004.
If one were to follow Benjamin Graham’s business-like approach in
stock-picking then commodity stocks would definitely be out.
They may not be investment-worthy, but they could be very attractive
for traders and speculators.
We are in a market where all sorts of businesses are listed. If a
commodity happens to be one of them, let us identify the salient features
of a good commodity company that will give a reasonable margin of
safety to the trader or the speculator.
The following parameters would be very important for a commodity
company.
6.3.1 Market Leadership
It will be important to invest in the best—the market leader. This has
many advantages in the form of scale and size, strong balance sheet,
internally-generated resources with less debt, pricing power and the

121

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

ability to withstand the downturns. In bad times, such companies are
able to survive for longer periods and are thus able to ride the commodity
cycles. Market leadership ensures staying power and the ability to be
efficient and shareholder-friendly. Investors looking at safe, sustainable
investment returns will invest in commodity stock leaders.
6.3.2 Low-Cost Producer
How does one make profit in commodity companies? The commodity
prices are given and the profits are dependent on internal efficiencies.
The lower the cost of production, the higher would be the profits. The
ability of companies to utilize their cash, manufacturing facilities, labor
and resources ultimately affects its efficiencies. For a company to have
such efficiencies, it needs to generate internal funds to undertake its
operations. A minimum amount of debt on the books would herald
sustainable profits in the future. A low-cost producer has pricing power
over its competitors and is able to gain market share. Tata Steel is one
such company in the steel industry in India.
6.3.3 Earnings Per Share
What does one look for in a commodity company? The health of the
company is judged by its earning capacity, which is calculated by how
much a company earns per share. Normally, for judging a company’s
financial health, a host of ratios are evaluated and dependence cannot
be on just one. Nowhere in a commodity business do the earnings per
share really become the most important attribute. This is due to the
dependence on commodity cycles.
6.3.4 Level of Debt
In a commodity company, what differentiates a high-cost from a lowcost producer is the level of debt and the interest payments outflow.
The real test of efficiency and profitability comes when the business
does not have a high burden of debt. When one looks at a commodity
company, debt becomes an important attribute as it can drastically affect
the earnings. Moreover, the cyclical nature of the business does not
justify huge debts. It could lead to a debt trap in tougher times.

122

Commodity Investing

6.4 THE PARADOX: CONVENTIONAL THINKING DOES
NOT HOLD TRUE
When one is looking at returns to be made from investing in a
commodity stock, the conventional wisdom of investing on sound
financial parameters does not hold true. This is a paradox, and it is due
to the fickle-mindedness and the short-term approach of investors who
base their decisions solely on short-term profitability as against
sustainability of earnings.
6.4.1 Psychological Denial: Speculating in the Name of
Investing
A conservative person often happily puts his money in a bank earning
him 9% annual interest, but speculates in the market expecting to earn
100% return in two months. How does one explain such an anomaly in
expectations? Is it lack of understanding of the effort that goes into
successful investing or is it his belief in his ability as a good stock-picker?
A majority of people today fall in to this category.
In the stock markets, a small percentage of people end up being
successful in the long run, whereas the majority of people, in spite of
being successful in the short run, end up losers in the long run. People
tend to focus more on the outcome than on the process. This is so
evident in commodity stocks.
6.4.2 Investing in a Sound Company?
When one is investing, one looks at the soundness of the business model
of the company. The management is important. Financial position plays
an important part. The debt component needs to be low if one is looking
at sustainability of the earnings. If it is a commodity stock, then the
company needs to be a low-cost producer to survive in the long run. A
long-term approach is essential.
6.4.3 Investing in a Stock that will Go Up?
There is a big difference in perception when one is investing in a good
company and when one is buying a stock that will go up. The former is
the investor while the latter is the trader or speculator.
123

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

When one is speculating and not investing, what does one look for?
One looks for short-term quick fixes. One sees the current trend by
looking at the leaders and then sniffs for opportunities in the laggards.
If the leaders are doing well it is expected that the laggards will also do
well. Moreover, the laggards are cheap, and when the investor fancy
grips these laggards, they will go up.
What is the current EPS and what is it expected to be in the next
quarter? Is the stock available cheap? If it is a laggard, it is cheap, so buy
it. If the fortune turns it could be a multi-bagger in a short time. If a
stock is a laggard and is bought at Rs.2, it has chances of becoming a
‘three-bagger’ if it goes to Rs.6. This will not be the case with a good
stock quoting at Rs.30, which is an industry leader. The behavioral
factor of low-base effect is at work, especially when one is buying a
stock solely with the aim of its price going up.
6.4.4 Investment Returns
The basic goal of an investor, a trader or a speculator is to earn returns
from the activity of investing, trading or speculating. The underlying
asset may vary.
To earn good investment returns one would naturally invest in a
company that is well-positioned to make good profits for its shareholders.
To achieve this, it needs to be efficient in its facilities and needs to be
the most competitive low-cost producer. It should not have much debt
in its books for it could hamper its profitability due to high interest
charges.
Conversely, investors would shun investing in inefficient high-cost
producers who have a high debt. The higher interest charges are bound
to eat into their profits.
However, in commodity companies, this logic does not work. In fact,
investors would reap low returns when an upside takes place if they
have invested in to efficient low-cost producers. And high-cost producers
will be able to give higher returns to investors.
Generally, the PBDT to Sales ratio is used in comparing investment
opportunities within an industry. But it is not accorded its proper weight
when one does not take into account the fact that two businesses
124

Commodity Investing

generating different returns on capital employed are expected to perform
differently in future, and warrant earning profits at different multiples
to sales. The capital structure also influences the multiples assigned to
the ratios.
High- and Low-Cost Producers in Commodity Stocks
Contrary to popular belief that low-cost production in a commodity
industry leads to higher investment returns, evidence suggest that
sometimes investing in high-cost producers leads to higher investment
returns. The recent ‘Bull Run’ in the steel industry is a case in point.
The current steel cycle started in 2003. Assuming that an investment
was made during the initial stages of the uptrend and sold out after a
period of two years, the performance would have been as summarized
in the following table, where market capitalization on March 31, 2003
and on March 31, 2005 is used to calculate performance, after adjusting
for split and bonus shares.
Table 6.1 Performance of Steel Companies, 2003–2005

Company

PBDT / Sales
(Mar 2003)

PBDT / Sales
(Mar 2005)

TISCO
SAIL
Shree
Precoated
Steel
Uttam Galva
Bhushan Steel

17.2 %
0.2 %
6.7 %

18.7 %
29 %
7.8 %

Performance
(Mar 2003–
Mar 2005)
344 %
600 %
920 %

3.9 %
7.5 %

5.4 %
9.8 %

1,250 %
740 %

What could possibly lead to such an anomaly? How could the market
leader, a well-run efficient company under good management, fall so
short of returns to investors as compared to its inefficient peers?
The following factors play a crucial role in leading to such a difference
in investment returns.
Low-Base Effect

A commodity cycle lifts all the players in the industry. It is relatively
easier to improve PBDT margins from 5% to 10% than it is to improve
from 20% to 40%. This improvement in margins gets translates into
125

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

EPS growth, provided depreciation and tax outgo remain similar,
resulting in better performance for high-cost producers.
High Debt Companies

The main differentiating factor between a low-cost producer and a highcost producer is the level of debt. Interest payment is a fixed cost, and
when things improve, the relative size of the interest component gets
reduced, leading to higher bottom-line translation of revenues.
Debt Reduction

In good times, high-debt companies use the positive cash flows to pay
back the debt or use the favorable business conditions to rotate the debt
at favorable terms, resulting in lower interest cost and higher translation
of revenues into profits.
Losses Carried Forward Resulting in Lower Taxes

Generally, the high-cost producers have a tough time surviving the
consolidation phase as the impact of high-cost and lower realization
leads to losses. But when the tide turns, the same losses have a positive
impact on the bottom line, as those losses are adjusted against profits in
good years, resulting in higher EPS.
Re-rating

Last but not least, market participants who worry about the ability of a
company to survive the bad times value a high debt, operationally
incompetent business at a lower multiple, indicating lower expectations,
and rightly so.
It is when things become good that market participants re-rate the
entire industry, and this gets translated into price appreciation even for
not so good businesses.

6.5 SUGAR: A CASE STUDY OF LOW-COST VERSUS
HIGH-COST PRODUCERS
The table below tries to depict the leverage employed in each of the five
sugar companies at the start and end, (i.e., 2003 and 2006) of the last
major sugar industry cycle and the impact it subsequently had on the
post-interest profitability of the company.
126

Commodity Investing

One thing that becomes clear from the table is that Dhampur Sugar
and Oudh Sugar, which had debt-to-equity ratio of 5 and 7, respectively,
on their balance sheets, were performing very badly in 2003, i.e., just
before the start of the cycle.
Table 6.2 Comparative Performance of Sugar Companies, 2003–2006

Company

Debt /
Equity
(2003)

PBDT /
Sales (2003)

Debt
Equity
(2006)

PBDT /
Sales
(2006)

Balrampur Chini

1.4

12.9%

0.6

24.3%

EID Parry

0.6

10.7%

0.6

15.5%

Dhampur Sugar

5.3

1.8%

0.8

9.8%

Sakthi Sugar

1.4

-14.0%

2.4

13%

Oudh Sugar

7.2

-3.0%

1.7

16.7%

Debt / Equity: Debt to Equity
However, when the cycle turned, they ended up not only regaining
their profitability but also managed to show a higher percentage gain in
profitability as compared to low-cost producers like Balrampur Chini
and EID Parry.
Low-Base Effect

This marked improvement led to higher appreciation in their share prices
as compared to low-cost producers, who did well by themselves but not
as well as the high-cost producers. This is depicted in the table below.
Table 6.3

Stock Performance versus Growth of Sugar Companies,
2003–2006

Company
Balrampur Chini
EID Parry
Dhampur Sugar
Sakthi Sugar
Oudh Sugar

Market Capitalization
Mar 2003–Mar 2006
(Rs. Crores)
232–4,658
134–2,550
24– 900
22–693
9–400

127

CAGR (%)
185
166
235
265
240

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance
The Effect of Compounding:

The difference in the compound rate of return may not appear to be
large. However, that money would have compounded at these rates for
three years, which is enough for small differences in rates to produce
remarkably large differences in the end pool of money. Let us assume
that Rs.1 lakh was invested in each of the companies at the start of the
cycle, and compare the results to better understand the difference in the
quality of results obtained in this study.
Table 6.4 Results of Investment of Rs. One Lakh in Sugar Companies

Company

CAGR%

Result
(Rs. lakh)

Balrampur Chini

185

23.14

EID Parry

166

18.82

Dhampur Sugar

235

37.50

Sakthi Sugar

265

48.62

Oudh Sugar

240

39.30

Another example, of the cement industry, further reinforces the
argument.
Table 6.5 Low-Cost versus High-Cost Cement Producers, 2003–2006

Company

Debt/
Equity
(2003)

PBDT /
Sales
(2003) %

Debt/
Equity
(2006)

PBDT /
Sales
(2006) %

Ambuja Cement

1.1

20.0

0.5

27.0

Madras Cement

2.6

14.2

1.5

17.5

JK Lakshmi

1.8

11.0

2.1

20.0

ACC

1.3

7.0%

0.8

11.5

Birla Corp

1.6

2.0

0.6

31.0

India Cement

4.5

– 23.0

1.8

7.4

128

Commodity Investing
Table 6.6 Stock Performance versus Growth of Cement Companies,
2003–2006

Company

Market Capitalization
Mar 2003–Mar 2006
(Rs. crore)

CAGR (%)

Ambuja Cement

2,479–13,991

78

Madras Cement

416–2,616

85

JK Lakshmi

58–643

120

ACC

2,372–14,578

82

Birla Corp.

91–2,457

200

India Cement

180–3,146

160

Table 6.7

Results of Investment of Rs. One Lakh in Cement
Companies

Company

CAGR %

Result (Rs. lakh)

Ambuja Cement

78

5.6

Madras Cement

85

6.3

JK Lakshmi

120

10.6

ACC

82

6.0

Birla Corp.

200

27.0

India Cement

160

17.5

As can be observed from the results in the preceding table, the theme
also holds in the case of the recent cement sector cycle from 2003 to
2006, as the highest-cost producers in 2003, Birla Corp and India
Cement, have outperformed the low-cost producers, Ambuja Cement
and Madras Cement, by a significant percentage (with absolute capital
appreciation being more than three times). Moreover, the reason for
the high cost structure of Birla Cement and India Cement—apart from
their high debt—is their lower productivity leading to higher
manufacturing expenses.
129

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

6.6 KEY DIFFERENTIATING FACTORS
“When a rise in the price of a commodity occurs, there will ordinarily be a
larger advance, percentage-wise, in the shares of high-cost producers than in
the share of low-cost producers. Contrary to the general impression on Wall
Street, the stocks of high-cost producers are more logical commitments than
those of low-cost producers when the buyer is convinced that a rise in the
price of a commodity is imminent and he wishes to exploit this conviction to
the utmost.” Ben Graham in Security Analysis.
Ben Graham first proposed this counterintuitive idea way back in
1934. Things have not changed since then, and possibly they will not
change, as long as companies with varying capital structure and
efficiencies operate in the commodity space.
As long as investors approach commodity companies believing that
investments in low-cost operators would invariably lead to the highest
investment returns, thus factoring the future expectations in the prices,
and neglect other relatively small and inefficient companies to a level
where they don’t expect them to improve at all, they are bound to go wrong.
6.6.1 Capital Structure
Varying capital structures and efficiencies form the basis for
differentiating companies.
Cyclical commodity companies often commit themselves to projects
with huge capital expenditure just when prices are high and hitting a
peak. They then proceed to retrench when prices are low.
The cyclical nature of the business affects cash flows in bad times,
when inefficient companies become hungry for capital and take on
excessive debt. This debt again leads to higher interest costs, which in
turn affects the bottom line. The length of the bear cycle leads to carryforward losses. Investors lose interest in such stocks and such a company’s
stock price is always depressed.
In contrast, efficient companies are well run and have manageable
debt on the books. The interest outflow is reasonable so as not to affect
the bottom line. These companies have market leadership due to their
financial health and pricing power. They quote at reasonable PE
multiples and attract investor interest. When the commodity cycle is
upwards these companies’ stocks move up as investors start chasing them.
130

Commodity Investing

An investor would normally look at investing in efficient and wellcapitalized companies to earn handsome returns on his investment.
However, the rules in commodity stocks are very different from the
conventional, common-sensical approach. Returns to investors from
such companies lag way behind the returns from inefficient and debtridden companies, especially during an upward inflection point. Why
this anomaly? To understand this let us look at how the commodity
cycle works.

6.7 COMMODITY CYCLES
Commodity stocks follow the commodity cycles, and investors track
the trends in commodity prices to invest in commodity stocks.
Companies in the commodity space are prone to significant swings in
profitability and present challenges for investors trying to value such
companies.
Companies in these cyclical industries—like steel, paper, chemicals,
sugar, cement—challenge the fundamental principles of valuation. The
use of the discounted cash flow technique creates hurdles due to the
cyclical fluctuations and the uncertainty in the price of the commodities.
6.7.1 Depressed Commodity Prices
In depressed conditions, commodity prices are low. The overall business
environment is pessimistic. Profits are hard to come by. Low-cost
producers benefit, as they are able to undercut the competition. This
makes them strong and they have less debt on the balance sheets. They
are well-capitalized and their interest outflows are under control. These
are the efficient companies, with efficient means of production and a
healthy capital structure. They survive the hard times and reasonably
reward their shareholders. The investors are happy with the margin of
safety they enjoy with such companies.
On the other hand, inefficient companies suffer due to their huge
debts and high cost of production. The bad times take their toll and
decreased profitability makes these companies take more debts that result
in more interest outflow. They go into the red and their losses mount.
They are a neglected lot and command very low PE multiples.
131

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

6.7.2 Commodity Prices Start Rising
The inflection point comes and commodity prices start hardening. The
fortunes of the industry seem to be changing and, in such a situation,
the leaders would start doing much better and the laggards and the
high-cost producers would start coming out of the red. Of course, a
rational investor would invest in the leader, who is a low-cost producer,
and with the changing fortunes the said company would yield handsome
investment returns.
6.7.3 Re-rating Takes Place
If you are a conventional thinker, you are in for a rude shock. With the
change in the commodity cycle from depressed prices to rising prices,
re-rating of commodity companies starts.
The high cost and low cost differentiation vanishes as the commodities
prices start rising. Investors no longer use this yardstick. It was a good
tool in depressed conditions.
With the change in fortunes, companies are differentiated on the
basis of their capacity to earn. Thus the concept of EPS becomes the
tool for judging commodity stocks.
This change in investor behavior leads to a reversal of perception,
and a re-rating of commodity stocks take place.
This re-rating makes the stocks of high-debt and inefficient companies
most sought after, as they will be able to show healthier bottom lines
than the efficient and low-debt producers. Expectations run high from
these laggards and they become the investors’ fancy. The low-base effect
reinforces their fancy as their bottom line increases exponentially.
High-cost manufacturers with a high-debt component report higher
EPS. The high interest payments are a tax shield and so are the carryforward losses. Since expectations run high, investors are optimistic about
the laggards, as good times will enable them to pay off their debts and
add to the bottom line. Interest payments would also go down. The
analysts start presenting a very optimistic picture of the future. Since
such companies start from a very low base, a slight improvement has an
exponential effect on their bottom line. Markets are always chasing such
growth stories. An exponential rise in the bottom line is mistaken for
sustainable growth momentum.
132

Commodity Investing

6.8 STOCK MARKET TRIGGERS
Stock price movements are subject to various kinds of news and
information flowing about a company. Since most investors fall into
the category of financial addicts, their time horizon is short. The data
they look at is also short-term. Hence EPS becomes the dominant
valuation metric. All high-cost producers with heavy debt are able to
show strong earnings due to higher interest charges and carried forward
losses. The following triggers are associated with higher EPS, and they
are positively extrapolated by the investors.
Debt Reduction

Good times would also make the investors optimistic about a company’s
ability to reduce its debt. During good times, high-debt companies use
positive cash flows to pay back the debt, or use favorable business
conditions to rotate the debt at more favorable terms.
Interest Burden Declines

With the reduction in debt comes the reduction in interest obligations,
which again increases the profitability and this is reflected in the EPS.
Lower Taxes

Generally, high-cost producers have a tough time surviving the
consolidation phase, as the impact of high cost and lower realization
leads to losses. But when the tide turns, the same losses have a positive
impact on the bottom line as the losses are adjusted against profits,
resulting in higher EPS.

6.9 CONCLUSION
Shareholders always look at returns when they are investing. If an investor
had used the conventional parameters of valuations to make investment
decisions, he would have bought shares of low-cost producers with a
lower debt component. However, his returns would have suffered because
these valuation parameters do not work in the case of commodity
companies, where production efficiencies and capital structures vary.
Value investors would always shun commodity stocks, as they never fit
into their valuation parameters.
133

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

Traders and speculators would love commodity stocks. These stocks
give them the thrill of momentum investing. The short-term nature of
the markets and excessive reliance on quarter-to-quarter bottom line
earnings thrills the majority of investors who can be classified as financial
addicts. This majority forms the crowd, and the standard set by the
crowd becomes the popular following. That is precisely the reason why
commodity stocks cannot be valued using the conventional valuation
models.

134

SEVEN
7

PUBLIC SECTOR UNITS

7.1 Introduction
7.2 Perception of Stock Market
7.3 Divestment Process
7.4 Behavioral Anomalies
7.5 Discounting the Positives
7.6 Size Matters
7.7 So Do the Returns
7.8 Serving Capitalism
7.9 Conclusion

Public Sector Units

7.1 INTRODUCTION

PSUs are an inseparable
part of India Inc., and
Public sector units (PSUs) are an
deserve a bigger space in
inseparable part of India
the investor’s mind, as
Incorporated. Although at present
these are the companies to
they are not getting their fair share
watch for long-term
of attention, they deserve a bigger
returns.
space in the investor’s mind, as
these are the companies to watch for long-term returns. They have already
rewarded the shareholders who were the early ones to enter during the
divestment process or those who understood the business landscape and
were willing to hold on for the long run.
These companies are unlikely to come up in discussions on corporate
India nor are the media or the analysts covering them. They are not the
current ‘flavor’ and that is what makes them very interesting for an
investor. If one is a long-term investor it will be foolhardy to ignore
such opportunities.
The popular belief is that corporate India is all about private enterprise.
The fact is that PSUs account for as much as 43% of the combined net
sales of the ET 500 companies, although the total number of PSUs in
this list is only 59. This is a clear indication that most of these PSUs are
not only a major chunk of India Inc. but are also corporate giants. In
terms of net sales, a typical PSU is almost three times bigger than its
private counterpart. Seven of the top ten Indian companies and 33 among
the top 100 companies are PSUs.
Table 7.1 Top Ten PSUs by Turnover and Net Profit

Top 10 PSUs

Turnover FY 07
(Rs. crores)

Net Profit FY 07
(Rs. crores)

Indian Oil
Corporation (IOC)
Bharat Petroleum
Corporation Ltd. (BPCL)
Hindustan Petroleum
Corporation Ltd. (HPCL)
Oil and Natural
Gas Corporation (ONGC)

217,534

7,499

98,872

2,140

94,681

1,674

87,491

17,462

(Contd.)
* Economic Times.

137

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance
Top 10 PSUs

Turnover FY 07
(Rs. crores)

Net Profit FY 07
(Rs. crores)

State Bank of India (SBI)
National Thermal
Power Corporation (NTPC)
Steel. Authority
of India Ltd (SAIL)
Mangalore Refineryand
Petrochemicals Ltd. (MRPL )
Chennai Petroleum
Corporation Ltd.
MMTC

68,377
36,652

6,364
6,898

36,194

6,261

28,637

526

24,717

565

23,225

127

Source: ETIG* Database.

PSUs account for 37% of the
In terms of net sales, a
combined net profit of all ET500
typical PSU is almost three
companies, which is less than their
times bigger than its
share of turnover. But this is due
private counterpart.
to the lower profits of oil
marketing companies like IOC, BPCL and HPCL. From the above
table, it is evident that their profitability is low. The government’s cap
on retail fuel prices adversely affects their margins.
However, on a like-to-like basis, government companies such as
National Aluminum (NALCO), National Thermal Power Corporation
(NTPC), Steel Authority (SAIL), Gas Authority of India (GAIL), Bharat
Heavy Electricals (BHEL), State Bank of India (SBI), Shipping
Corporation of India (SCI) have the same level of profitability as their
private sector counterparts.
Even the oil companies are well managed and efficient, comparable
to the best in the industry.
However, the stock markets are not giving them the true credit they
deserve. Markets like growth, and critics argue that growth is more
important than profitability. They do not find these companies capable
of grabbing the growth opportunities and growing fast. If one asks what
* Economic Times Intelligence Group.

138

Public Sector Units

is growth, I doubt they can offer an explanation. It is the common
jargon used in the markets.
Last year, the turnover of PSUs was up by 25%, compared to 32%
combined growth shown by ET500 companies. Profit growth for PSUs
was lower at 31% compared to 43% of the ET500 companies. This
could signify that the PSUs are slow and sluggish in spotting
opportunities. However, this could also be due to the nature of the
business, and slower decision-making with regard to major investment
decisions, which require clearance from ministries concerned, and often
face bureaucratic delays.
If one is a long-term
Moreover, PSUs have a
investor interested in good
negligible presence in the so-called
returns, then this is
high-growth businesses like IT,
definitely an opportunity.
construction, real estate and
telecom services.
No doubt, government interference with the pricing policy of the oil
companies has dented the profitability of these efficient, well-run giants.
This has led to the PSUs losing credibility with the investors. There is
always a fear of government interference.
While size may be attractive when it comes to the private sector, the
stock markets do not show a similar faith in PSUs.
The ET500 companies are valued at around 19 times their trailing
net profits, while PSUs are valued at only 12.4 times their earnings.
This is a 40% discount to the private sector players. Is this an opportunity
or is the market seeing it differently?
If one is a long-term investor interested in good returns, then this is
definitely an opportunity. We will explore this in detail in this chapter.

7.2 PERCEPTION OF STOCK MARKET
There is always a gap in the valuation of a company between its actual
worth and the worth with the built-in expectations of investors who
make up the market. These built-in expectations can be too positive or
too negative.
The market-perceived negatives are the following:

1. Political interference as is happening with the cap on retail prices
of fuel with the oil companies.
139

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

2. Political risks and uncertainties related to government ownership.
Can populism overrule business considerations? Are coalition
governments capable of pushing through the divestment?
3. Cyclical nature of businesses. Most of the PSUs are in commodity
businesses—like oil and gas, steel, metals—and banking, which
are generally accorded poor valuations as compared to the hot
growth sectors like consumer goods, IT, IT services, capital goods
and infrastructure.
4. Will they able to survive the onslaught of foreign and domestic
competition? Most of them are a product of a socialist raj, and
became monopolies in their industries. Their vulnerability is most
visible in the services sector like telecom and banking, where speed
of decision-making and execution and operational flexibility
matter the most.

7.3 DIVESTMENT PROCESS

Investors are not riskaverse, but they are lossaverse.

Opportunities take birth in distress
situations and PSU divestment was
one such opportunity for long-term investors. The year 1991 saw the
country going into financial bankruptcy and, thus, was born the process
of economic liberalization. The economy needed to be freed from its
shackles and the only way to save the country was to go ahead with the
reform process.
Money had to be raised to make up the fiscal deficit, and what better
way could there be than to sell the government stakes in the huge PSUs.
These companies were a product of our socialist society and, with the
liberalization process and embracing of market economy, they had to
be restructured to function in a market economy.
The divestment process soon started and the government finalized a
list of PSUs for divestment to the Indian public. However, the mood of
the market was bearish and there were no takers for such offerings. The
government-run financial institutions came to the rescue and picked up
sizeable stakes in various government-run companies. The idea was to
let the government tide over the existing crises, and when the market
conditions improved they would off load the shares in the market.
The opportunity for an astute long-term investor was immense.
140

Public Sector Units

7.4 BEHAVIORAL ANOMALIES
We have seen the positives and the negatives of the PSUs. No doubt
size matters, but the markets are giving a very heavy discount of 50% in
valuing the PSUs as compared to the valuations given to comparable
private sector companies.
One reason for the market giving such valuations to the PSUs is that
it does not see them in a growth phase. This is just a condition of the
mind. If one were to ask the growth strategists to define lack of growth,
most of them will come up with a typical answer of the sales, profits and
stock price not moving fast enough. We all know that the stock price is
a function of how ‘Mr. Stock Market’ perceives the stock. This ‘Mr.
Market’ comprises of the sentiments and the cognitive illusions of market
participants.
If one is making a decision to invest, does one not look at the returns one
would make if one invests in the companies? As we have seen in the chapter
on growth trap, investors chasing growth are bound to get into the growth
trap and suffer on their returns.
The Indian growth story
There is a PSU commodity
is on and the markets are
company, Minerals and Metals
in a correction mode. The
Trading Company Ltd. (MMTC).
government
also
Its EPS for March 2007 was Rs.32
understands the need to
and at a price of Rs.33,000 on 26th
divest its shareholding
November 2007, it was at a PE of
1,027. At its 52-week high of
from PSUs.
Rs.56,931 on 12th November 2007
its PE was 1,779. If it is a PSU and in a commodity sector, why this
spurt of valuation? There are no definite answers with anyone, but this
rise can be attributed to speculative investor behavior.
As far as PSU investment is concerned, there is a mind set amongst
investors to refrain from such stocks. However, here lies the opportunity
if one is a long-term investor. Investors are so averse to PSU-stock
investment that when, in 1994-95, the government came out with
divestment of its holdings in select, good PSU companies, it met with
such a lukewarm response from the investors that the shares had to be
placed with government-owned financial institutions (FIs).
What cognitive defects or anomalies make investors behave in such a
way? Understanding them would help one to understand one’s own
defects and at the same time to use this knowledge for formulating one’s
investment strategies.
141

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

7.4.1 Overconfidence in Knowledge
One of the most significant and irrefutable findings of behavioral
psychologists is that people are overconfident in their judgments and
over-estimate the reliability of
Investors are so lured by
their judgments. What else can
the quick short-term gains
explain the valuations of
of the stock markets that
telecommunications, media and
they are willing to bet on
technology companies during the
corporations built like a
1999–2000 technology boom? Or
pack of cards.
the rise of MMTC to Rs. 56,000
in November 2007? People are
confident of their abilities and also of their knowledge. When it comes
to doing things like driving, it is their ability. When it comes to investing
or business it is their knowledge. People make changes in their portfolio
or day-trade because they are confident of their knowledge on a particular
stock or the markets in general. This tendency of being overconfident
manifests itself in high portfolio turnover rates, and is reflected in the
tendency to time the markets. This overconfidence is evident even
amongst the institutional professional investors.
This overconfidence bias is obvious in investors shunning the PSU
companies. Investors are overconfident of their knowledge that all PSUs
are inefficient because they work in a protected environment. They are
overconfident that these companies will not survive domestic and foreign
competition. They are overconfident of their knowledge that these are
mediocre investments as they are not in the growth sector. They are
overconfident that only a growth stock is a good investment. They are
overconfident that government interference will harm the interests of
the shareholders.
7.4.2 Representativeness
Resemblance to a certain attribute or quality is termed as representative
of that particular group. This is known as “representative bias”. This is
a heuristic, a mental shortcut that the brain takes when processing
information. It does not process the full information. Thus, decisionmaking is biased.
All PSU stocks are representative of a government-controlled
environment. All PSU companies are representative of inefficiencies due
to their monopolistic status. All PSU companies are representative of
low-growth businesses. All PSU companies are representative of
142

Public Sector Units

ministerial and bureaucratic interference leading to delayed decisionmaking in a competitive world. All PSU companies are representative
of government interference.
Thus the market’s perception of PSU stocks is very negative. These
stocks represent all that is not good. This is also extrapolated too far
into the future. It is just assumed that things will never improve.
7.4.3 Loss Aversion
The pain of a loss is three times greater than the joy from an equal
amount of gain. Investors are not risk-averse or else they would not
enter the markets. But they are loss-averse. They will shy away from any
opportunity where there is a loss. For any investment, one must weigh
the risk-reward ratio and then come to a decision. However, investors become
loss-averse when even the slightest hint of a loss lurks in their minds.
Investors believe that inefficiency and government controls are a sure
sign of a mismanaged company and investment in such companies will
lead to losses. Moreover, in the past, divestment in PSUs had met with
failure, and the bear markets from 1996 to 2003 had severely punished
these stocks. This was due more to the market conditions than the
individual stocks. The loss-aversion bias in 2003 was so strong that
people were getting out of stocks and investing in fixed income securities.
PSU stocks were never a fancy in the stock markets and were perceived
to be risky investments. This made the investors loss-averse.
Government’s price control on oil companies has impacted their
profitability to a great extent. This has also made investors loss-averse to
PSUs.
7.4.4 Confirmation Bias
People tend to only think in the way that suits their original thinking.
They only look at information that conforms with theirs. Any
information challenging the original hypothesis is discarded. This bias
stems from the overconfidence bias.
There are many attributes of PSUs that have merit, but investors are
blind to them. Moreover, with a strong negation of the mind, all the
positives are discounted.
It is not that PSUs have not rewarded the shareholders, or that these
PSUs are unable to withstand competition. PSUs like SBI, Indian Oil
143

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

Corporation, Bharat Electronics and BHEL have done exceedingly well
in a free market and, at the same time, investors have been handsomely
rewarded.
However, investors are more focused on the PSU laggards like MTNL
and Indian Airlines, which have been unable to compete with the private
sector.
We do have a mixed bag in the PSUs, but that is so with the private
sector also.
7.4.5 Availability Heuristic
When all the information around you is either positive or negative, you
tend to be swayed by the information you receive. The mind recollects
all that is recent and all that is recently frequent. The mind’s ability to
recollect vivid and recent information is strong, and this makes us prone
to availability bias.
PSUs are not the fancy of the media so they get very scarce coverage
in the media. Nor are their CEOs the favorites of media shows. Not
many analysts follow PSU stocks, as they are not glamour stocks. Brokers
do not recommend many PSU stocks, as they do not find favor with
the clients. Lastly, and most importantly, they are not growth stocks.
The recall value in the minds of the investors for PSU stocks is very
low and, thus, they do not capture the attention of the investors.
Moreover, the available information is neutral to negative, rather than
positive.

7.5 DISCOUNTING THE POSITIVES
PSUs like NTPC, Engineers India, BHEL, Bharat Electronics and
Dredging Corporation of India Ltd. continue to flourish despite the
competition. The stock market is giving respect and healthy valuations
to most of the listed PSUs
In sectors like commodities and oil and gas, PSUs continue to
dominate.
Investment returns are all about buying a stock at the ‘right’ price,
and this price does not reflect any built-in expectations of the investors.
Since most of these PSU stocks carry past baggage of certain behavioral
144

Public Sector Units

anomalies discussed above, they are not the fads and fancies of the market.
This is the positive, which is ignored by the investors.
Another important positive omission is that these PSUs represent
very crucial and challenging sectors, where creating critical mass is of
utmost importance. Banking, oil and power sectors are cases in point.
Mining, engineering and defense sectors, which were virtual monopolies
and had stiff entry barriers, were another big positive ignored by the
investors.
It was always assumed that the PSU culture would be impossible to
change and the unions would play spoilsport. But this also had a big
positive. Once the reality dawned that it was a question of survival,
these PSUs and their unions bounced back to action by gearing up for
the competition with the private sector companies. This is amply evident
in the performance of the PSUs. Most of them have performed
exceedingly well. It shows that they have changed with the changing
times. Their inability to change fast was more due to ‘red-tapism’ at the
ministerial and bureaucratic levels than within themselves.
Another big positive ignored was the valuation metric of the
replacement cost theory. Huge investments had gone into creating huge
capacities, and the sheer size of these PSUs gave a big advantage over
the private sector enterprises. Moreover, these facilities were in the
commodity sector, where technological obsolesce played a minor role.
In the banking sector the large size of the branch network was not
reflected in the profits of the banks. However, this extensive branch
network was the key to success in a liberalized environment. Creation
of such huge capacities and branch networks were the entry barriers
ignored by investors in valuing the PSUs.
Moreover, it was assumed that the PSUs would not be able to
withstand competition from private sector players. However, no
worthwhile private sector competition existed for them. By the time
such players would be established, the PSUs had enough lead to change
the rules of the game. This they did, and this is reflected in their
performance, which we will see in the later part of the chapter.
Cognitive anomalies of “all or nothing”, “discounting the positives”
and the “fly mentality” played a major role in investors’ decision-making
on PSU investments. No doubt, some companies did suffer from the
onslaught of liberalization; but some bounced back to become stock
market favorites. Investors and the media only focused on the negatives
145

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

of the PSUs and thus investors’ expectations were always very low. This
led to such stocks being ignored.
The evidence shows that out of the 61 PSUs that were listed, only 18
companies gave negative returns. These negative returns were due to
the fact that most of these companies happened to be in governmentcontrolled and subsidized sectors like oil, refineries and fertilizers. The
rest were in sectors like commodities and paper, which were going
through tough times and required resources and technological
upgradation.
Nineteen companies have given excellent, positive returns and have
beaten the Sensex returns. Of these, 10 have been from the banking
sector alone.
The rest of the 24 companies have given mediocre to average returns.

7.6 SIZE MATTERS
One basic fact, which the investors missed, was the way they looked at
the PSUs. The old yardstick, of valuing the company on the basis of
profitability alone, has waylaid many investors. Here, the test was to
look into the future and imagine what such huge-sized companies could
do when the liberalized era would unfold.
Socialism enabled the creation of an important asset in terms of size
and scale. These PSUs were huge undertakings. The darker side was the
inefficiencies due to strong unions, inefficient work force, lack of
discipline, outdated modes of production, etc. These factors were
responsible for the low productivity, which in turn resulted in lower
profits. Subsidies and government controls also played a major role in
making the PSUs less profitable.
However, most of these PSUs were in the commodity sectors including
oil exploration, oil refining, oil distribution, steel, mining, banking,
defense, and infrastructure. These companies had built up sizable scale
and distribution networks. The oil companies had their pipelines and
the distribution network in place, which would be the most valuable
hidden asset. Similarly, the PSU banks had branch networks in place,
which would be very expensive for a new entrant to copy. In addition,
146

Public Sector Units

these PSUs were sitting on acres of real estate, which is now fast
appreciating. Added to these were other, intangible assets in the form of
mining leases, telephone lines, defense contracts, etc.
The replacement cost concept was totally ignored by the investors. It
was all about size and scale. In times of rising inflation how could one
ignore the fact that the replacement of the assets becomes costlier? One
would argue that a plant would have a life and new technological
developments would render the old machines useless. However, that
would hold true only in industries where technological innovations and
improvements would be crucial. In the case of commodities—where
most of the PSUs dominated—these were not very important. Moreover,
the assumption that these companies would not embrace new
technologies and change was also baseless. Ultimately, it has been proven
that the bricks and mortar cannot be ignored in times of rising inflation
and restructuring of the economy.
What made investors shun this wisdom was the emergence of
technology and the internet. The stock market boom driven by the IT
sector in 1999–2000 gave an illusion that the old economic model was
dead and the new economic model based on services was replacing it.
The valuations of the old economy companies had reached ridiculously
low levels as investors were chasing the new economy companies. The
availability heuristic for the new economy was so strong that everyone
assumed that the old economy order was over. This led to a total rejection
of the bricks and mortar model. The important cognitive defect evident
was the ‘all or nothing’. It was assumed that the new economy would
replace the old and, hence, the focus shifted to the intangibles. In
hindsight, we find that it was a totally flawed thinking. But in stock
markets this is how certain fad and fancies rule investor behavior.
SBI the country’s premier banking company was shunned by the
investors and was available at as low a PE as 8. Investors only saw
profitability. If one would have had the vision to see the hidden values
of its work force, banking culture, the branch network spread over every
nook and corner of India, its real estate portfolio—one would have
been a very wealthy investor now. An insight into how reforms in the
financial sector would change the rules of the game was also missing.
Opportunities opened up and the PSUs were also quick to reform
147

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

themselves and take on the competition. Even today, SBI is a good buy
at the current PE of 21, if one is optimistic about the India growth story.

7.7 SO DO THE RETURNS
None of the PSUs was considered a growth stock and, therefore, was
never a fancy with the investors looking for great upsides. Nor were
they value stocks, as investors always believed them to be government
monopolies that would not survive in a competitive market. The investors
least expected them to do well and, hence, the prices of these stocks did
not reflect any investor expectations. On the contrary, these stocks were
so negatively weighed that they were available at ridiculously low
valuations. The prices of these stocks did not even reflect their fair
potential. If one had a vision of the potential of these companies in a
liberalized era and if one had looked at the valuations at which they
were available then, today they would have been giving excellent returns.
Investment returns are all about buying investments at the right
valuations, which are not reflecting any in-built investor expectations.
Performance of PSUs after 1991

Out of the sample size of 61 PSUs, 10 were listed before 1991 and the
remaining got listed after 1991. We have measured the performance of
the 51 PSUs, which got listed after 1991, from their date of listing on
the Bombay Stock Exchange to 21 December 2006. The performance
of the 10 PSUs, which were listed prior to 1991, has been measured
from 1991 to 21 December 2006. Out of the total 61 PSUs, 19 are
banks and FIs and 11 are from the oil and gas sector. The banks have
performed better than other PSUs, while the oil and gas companies
have given, on average, negative returns. Only 19 out of the 61 PSUs
have given more returns than the Sensex during the same period
(Table 7.2).
Table 7.2 Sectoral Perfomance of PSUs from 1991 to 2006

Mean Returns (%)
Maximum (%)
Minimum (%)

All
(61)

Banks & FIs
(19)

Oil & Gas
(11)

Others
(31)

13.64
79.77
-17.11

20.32
53.26
-14.91

-0.72
18.61
-14.50

13.91
79.77
-17.11

148

Public Sector Units

The banks have given the best returns of all the other PSUs. Ten out
of 19 banks have outperformed the Sensex. UTI Bank (renamed Axis
Bank), Indian Overseas Bank, and Jammu & Kashmir Bank have given
20% higher returns than the Sensex for the same period. From the oil
and gas sector, only NTPC has given 14% higher returns than the Sensex
for the same period. Dredging Corporation of India Ltd. and National
Mineral Development Corporation Ltd. (NMDC) have recorded the
best performance, with annual average returns of 79.77% and 77.15%,
respectively, and have outperformed the Sensex by 61.87% and 52.88%,
respectively (Table 7.3).
Table 7.3 Performance of PSUs that Outperformed the Sensex from 1991
to 2006

S. No.

Name of Company

Average
Annual
Returns
(%)

Sensex
Returns
for the
same
period

Excess
Returns
(%)

(%)
1

Dredging Corporation

79.77

17.90

61.87

of India Ltd.
2

NMDC

77.15

24.26

52.88

3

Maharashtra

61.09

34.27

26.82

Electrosmelt Ltd.
4

Allahabad Bank

53.26

34.92

18.34

5

Union Bank of India

47.79

35.05

12.73

6

NTPC Ltd.

42.89

28.59

14.30

7

UTI Bank

42.05

19.48

22.57

8

Canara Bank

41.81

34.68

7.13

9

Indian Overseas Bank

38.91

19.23

19.68

10

Container Corporation

38.51

17.60

20.91

of India Ltd.
11

Jammu & Kashmir Bank

37.48

17.91

19.57

12

Andhra Bank

37.45

23.00

14.44

(Contd.)
149

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance
S. No.

Name of Company

Average
Annual
Returns
(%)

Sensex
Returns
for the
same
period

Excess
Returns
%

(%)
13

National Aluminum

32.19

17.24

14.95

Co. Ltd.
14

State Trading Corp.
of India Ltd.

31.39

19.90

11.50

15

Bharat Electronics Ltd.

27.44

16.76

10.68

16

Vijaya Bank

27.41

19.84

7.57

17

Syndicate Bank

24.54

14.66

9.88

18

BHEL

19.08

11.05

8.02

19

Swaraj Mazda Ltd.

18.61

17.83

0.78

Table 7.4 Performance of All PSUs from 1991 to 2006

S. No.

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Name of Company

Average
Annual
Returns
(%)

Hindustan Organic
Chemicals Ltd.
Andrew Yule
& Company Ltd.
IFCI Ltd.
Mysore Paper Mills Ltd.
Hindustan Copper Ltd.
Tourism Finance
Corp. of India
Kochi Refineries Ltd.
Madras Fertilizers Ltd.

-17.11

Sensex
Returns
for the
same
period
(%)
11.72

-15.63

22.17

-14.91
-14.50
-12.17
-11.77

9.61
20.62
22.76
10.66

-10.06
-9.90

17.59
12.61

(Contd.)
150

Public Sector Units
S. No.

9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28

Name of Company

Average
Annual
Returns
(%)

BPCL
Bongaigaon Refinery
& Petrochemicals
ITI Ltd.
Tamil Nadu Newsprint
& Papers Ltd.
IDBI Ltd.
Engineers India Ltd.
Rashtriya Chemicals
& Fertilizers Ltd.
Punjab Alkalis
& Chemicals Ltd.
Gujarat State Fertilizers
& Chemicals Ltd.
Neyveli Lignite
Corp. Ltd.
HMT Ltd.
Indian Oil Corp. Ltd.
Bank of Maharashtra
Gujarat Alkalis
& Chemicals Ltd.
SAIL
MTNL
Dena Bank
ONGC
Chennai Petroleum
Corp. Ltd.
LIC Housing
Finance Ltd.

-8.82
-6.26

Sensex
Returns
for the
same
period
(%)
10.57
13.49

-5.23
-4.86

13.40
17.45

-4.26
-4.20
-2.20

12.16
15.27
11.56

-1.16

18.34

-0.80

17.60

-0.56

17.96

0.95
0.98
0.98
1.21

13.43
14.51
30.96
17.65

1.70
2.16
3.09
3.61
3.97

10.26
13.76
14.04
12.36
12.49

4.37

9.99

(Contd.)
151

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance
S. No.

29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51

Name of Company

Average
Annual
Returns
(%)

GAIL (India) Ltd.
Gujarat Narmada Valley
Fertilizers Co. Ltd.
Oriental Bank of Commerce
Shipping Corp. of India Ltd.
Gujarat Mineral
Development Corp. Ltd.
IBP Co. Ltd.
Bank of Baroda
Bank of India
Bharat Earth Movers Ltd.
Corporation Bank
Balmer Lawrie & Co. Ltd.
UCO Bank
Swaraj Mazda Ltd.
National Fertilizers
BHEL
Scooters India Ltd.
Syndicate Bank
Vijaya Bank
Bharat Electronics Ltd.
State Trading
Corp. of India Ltd.
National Aluminum
Co. Ltd.
Andhra Bank
Jammu & Kashmir Bank

5.53
6.83

Sensex
Returns
for the
same
period
(%)
13.38
17.51

8.02
9.24
10.32

10.48
16.07
14.41

10.58
11.07
11.93
12.95
14.24
15.73
17.02
18.61
18.87
19.08
22.25
24.54
27.41
27.44
31.39

19.32
14.23
13.30
15.69
15.04
20.31
32.95
17.83
25.89
11.05
33.88
14.66
19.84
16.76
19.90

32.19

17.24

37.45
37.48

23.00
17.91
(Contd.)

152

Public Sector Units
S. No.

Name of Company

Average
Annual
Returns
(%)

52

Container Corporation
of India Ltd.

38.51

Sensex
Returns
for the
same
period
(%)
17.60

53
54
55
56
57
58
59

Indian Overseas Bank
Canara Bank
UTI Bank
NTPC Ltd.
Union Bank of India
Allahabad Bank
Maharashtra
Electrosmelt Ltd.
NMDC
Dredging Corporation
of India Ltd.

38.91
41.81
42.05
42.89
47.79
53.26
61.09

19.23
34.68
19.48
28.59
35.05
34.92
34.27

77.15
79.77

24.26
17.90

60
61

The liberalization process started in the year 1991. It started with
reforms in the financial sector. This paved the way for reforming the
banking sector and several measures were announced to deregulate this
sector. Private banks were also allowed to enter the Indian markets. As
their survival was in question, the public sector banks started gearing
themselves up for the competition by perceiving it as an opportunity.
They also started accessing the capital market to raise resources. The
PSU banks, with their vast branch network and a pool of skilled staff,
ventured aggressively. Initially, since the enthusiasm for the PSU banks
was low, they did not have much investor following. But once they
started posting healthy profits, the investors’ belief started growing, and
so did the valuations of these banks, as is evident from the above figures.
Out of the listed 19 banks, 10 have out-performed the Sensex. Only
Dena Bank and Bank of Maharashtra have been underperformers. Maybe
these banks were not able to capitalize on the opportunities, or they
were victims of red-tapism and labor unions.
153

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

The oil and gas sector PSUs have done badly and underperformed
the Sensex. This is not because they were not able to survive in a
competitive environment, but because they were not allowed to do so.
They have world-class production and refining capabilities and capacities,
a pool of skilled engineers and a dedicated work force. Moreover, they
have scale and size. Oil and gas being a very sensitive political tool,
these companies have always suffered due to government interference
in the pricing of petroleum products. This has bled these companies
and, with oil prices continuing to rise, investors see no hope of these
companies being able to post economic profits. Investors who were early
enough to see the potential of these companies have suffered. However,
considering the environment today and the way the India growth story
is emerging, these stocks are good investment opportunities as there are
no built-in expectations. Oil companies like Bharat Petroleum and
Hindustan Petroleum have been given oil bonds by the government to
offset their losses due to price controls. This is a big plus for these
companies.
Nine companies have given returns in excess of 10%. Another 18
companies have posted negative returns as compared to the Sensex.
However, it must be noted that most of them were in industries that
saw a declining trend. Two such industries were fertilizers and paper.
Fertilizer pricing was always controlled and this killed those industries.
Even the private sector companies suffered in this sector. Paper and
newsprint was also a fading sector.
Telecommunications companies, like ITI and MTNL, suffered heavily
due to the deregulation in the sector and their inability to adapt and
compete. This was one sector where technology played an important
part, and these companies were not able to quickly embrace change due
to labor unions and lack of political vision. Where technological change,
technology adoption and speed to the market were crucial factors, the
PSUs lost out.
FIs, like IFCI and IDBI, carried heavy baggage of non-performing
assets. In spite of the liberalization of the financial sector, they could
not shed their past legacy.
But, overall, these PSUs provided great opportunities to long-term
investors by posting higher returns. It again proves the point that
ultimately a return is growth.
154

Public Sector Units

The Indian growth story is on and the markets are in a correction
mode. The government also understands the need to divest its
shareholding from PSUs. A host of offerings came to the market in
2007, including:
1. Power Grid Corporation of India Ltd. (Rs. 51,869 crores)
2. Central Bank of India (Rs. 4,372 crores)
3. Indian Bank (Rs. 7,723 crores)
4. Power Finance Corporation (Rs. 28,849 crores)
However, investing in them might not have given expected returns,
as investor expectations were running high in these offerings due to the
bull market conditions and the past returns given by the PSUs. Moreover,
the IPO markets had been very hot, and steeply-priced issues have also
attracted investor interest—especially when all these companies
happened to be in the fancied sectors like power, banking and finance.

7.8 SERVING CAPITALISM
What is real capital formation in a capitalist society? It is not stock
market capitalization for sure.
This term is highly misunderstood in the current times. During the
past five years, the world has been experiencing an economic boom and
the stock markets of all countries have been doing exceedingly well.
Stock prices have been soaring, commodities prices are spiraling, oil is
at a triple-digit dollar price, real estate prices are appreciating, and food
shortages are surfacing. The divide between the rich and the poor is
widening.
In spite of all these factors the stock markets are still showing strength.
Most of the wealth creation was due to paper profits reflected in stock
prices. Stock market manipulations; increasing use of derivative products
and the futures and options market; and the speculative tendencies
amongst qualified institutional investors, the retail investors,
corporations, banks and FIs, created a society where insanity works.
Greed is so dominant that investors have lost their rationality and are
willing to pay ridiculous valuations for stocks. This surge in stock prices
has led to a race for market capitalization. Unknown companies with
hardly any track record on the markets are able to be listed on stock
155

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

exchanges and find a place in the indices. In fact a more dangerous
trend amongst the big corporations is rewarding the CEOs, COOs and
key personnel based on the market capitalization. Stock options are
another cause for worry. CEOs reward themselves by manipulating
earnings. The future costs are ignored in their anxiety for short-term
earnings. Faceless corporations are the worst hit. In the absence of any
‘owner’, managers are only interested in enriching themselves.
This is the worrisome state of the private sector where thousands of
crores of rupees are invested by retail and institutional investors either
directly or through mutual funds. Is this capital formation?
On the other hand, let us take a look at the PSUs. Yes, they are
government owned, inefficient, have strong labor unions, lack
productivity and are subject to red-tapism and bureaucratic interference.
However, these corporations have made investments in land, machinery
and infrastructure, and their capital is channelized into productive use.
Productivity may suffer, but there are visible, tangible investments. Yet,
investors are reluctant to give any value to them. On the contrary,
investors are so lured by the quick short-term gains of the stock markets
that they are willing to bet on corporations built like a pack of cards.
Investors are willing to pay any price for someone who is selling them
dreams. This situation is something like the technology boom, but on a
much larger scale.
Companies like Reliance Power, Reliance Natural Resources Ltd.,
India Bulls Realty, Reliance Infrastructure, and ICICI Bank command
a market capitalization not at all worthy of their true business or future
potential. These companies are not in any way aiding capital formation.
Sectors like real estate, financial services and entertainment do not help
capital formation. They help speculation.
On the other hand, the various PSUs have been responsible for capital
formation in the country. Unfortunately, investors shun such companies.
In the long run, it will be amply clear that market capitalization achieved
due to capital formation creates shareholder wealth, and not stock prices
based on market manipulations.
This state of the market depicts unusual investor behavior, where
good values are ignored. This presents a wise investor with immense
opportunities for good investment.
156

Public Sector Units

7.9 CONCLUSION
The markets are efficient in the long run but they are inefficient in the
short run. The nature of the markets has changed due to the advent of
technology and the Internet, and financial borders disappearing.
Returns are a function of buying a value at the right price. However,
in reality it is not as simple as it sounds. When such an opportunity
comes we dislike the opportunity, as our decisions are controlled by our
emotions, which, in turn, are controlled by the environment. It is not
that the PSU investment opportunity was not understood by most of
the long-term investors. It was the courage to look at the long-term that
was lacking. And returns are always a function of the long-term.
Coming to the environment part, investors were worried about the
government’s lack of political will to get on with reforms. The fertilizer
industry was under price control and was killed. This anchor was too
strong in the minds of the investors and it did prove such cautious
investors right if one looks at the woes of the oil marketing companies.
What has generated the returns in certain sectors like banking, mining,
container, defense? One was that these sectors were opened to reforms
faster. Secondly, they were in monopoly sectors. Thirdly, and most
importantly, they were able to attract investor attention over time. This
was achieved by steady growth in profitability and size.
Size and scale have played an important role for most of these
successful PSUs. It is the market capitalization game that works in the
market today. Since there are investors from the world over who are
looking at investments in various countries, they look at a certain size to
invest. Even a great ‘blue chip’, if it does not have a sizeable market
capitalization, will not be in the investing list of such investors. This is
where the PSUs have an edge in their visibility in the markets. They
also have assets, infrastructure, knowledge, client-base and network to
back their claims.
This also makes it easier for them to access the capital markets. Such
large issues will feed the appetite of large foreign institutional investors.
Foreign institutional investors, as a group, are allowed to hold shares up
to a certain limit and that limit has already been exhausted in SBI.
Again, this scale and size helps a company to get into the index. Index
traders, and those looking at country exposure, normally invest in index
157

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

stocks only. This again helps the PSUs to get a good investor-following,
as the analysts start covering such highly capitalized index stocks.
Stock markets are all about the herd. When you have a herd following
a stock because it is a large-cap stock and has a place in the index, it is
considered a fancy stock. And fancy stocks have high built-in expectations
and hence their stocks gain in value. You have good returns on your
investments when you buy them early.
The BSE Sensex has a representation of four giant PSUs, with SBI
leading with a weightage of 4.21%, followed by ONGC with 3.90%,
BHEL with 2.74% and NTPC with 2.12%, as on 23rd April 2008. All
of them combined have a weightage of over 12%, which is quite low
considering the scale and the size of PSUs in India. The NSE Nifty has
a representation of nine PSUs, with a weightage over 22%. More PSUs
will get listed in the future, offering investors good investment
opportunities.
Definitely, a wise long-term investor cannot ignore PSU stocks.

158

EIGHT
8

SECTOR INVESTING

8.1 Introduction
8.2 Top-Down Approach
8.3 Behavioral Traits
8.4 Sector Bubble
8.5 Sector Analysis
8.6 Sector Growth Effect
8.7 Lessons for Investors
8.8 Conclusion

Sector Investing

8.1 INTRODUCTION
A host of companies is listed on the stock markets, and if one were to
look for a good investment opportunity, one would definitely try to
narrow the search by first identifying the industry or the sector that
looks promising, and then identifying various companies in that
particular industry or sector. Growth in a particular sector would signify
that companies in that sector would also enjoy high growth and would
attract investments from investors.
Stock markets are all
Stock markets are all about
about discontinuity and
discontinuity and creative
creative destruction. From
destruction. From time to time,
time to time, different
different sectors dominate investor
sectors dominate investor
interest. No sector has a
interest.
permanent appeal amongst
investors. It is the inherent nature of investors to get enamored by the
new, as it signifies growth opportunities, which in turn would lead to
abnormal returns.
How do new sectors happen and catch the fancy of investors? It could
happen with the change in fortunes of a particular sector, due to factors
such as change in business environment, change in price of raw materials
as we saw in the recent commodities boom, change in government
policies, economic growth in an economy and shortages due to natural
disasters.
Alternatively, it could be due to the advent of new technology, as we
saw with the internet, the birth of the technology sector, the
telecommunications sector and the hardware industry. This technological
revolution could also spell the death knell for certain industries like the
ones we saw in the telecommunications industry. For example, optic
cables replaced the wire cables industry, mobile or wireless telephones
are replacing the old fixed-line telephones. The digital revolution has
changed the music industry and the way we live our lives.
Over time, such changes do happen, and the stock market is a place
where such new ideas get funded. Investors are always looking at getting
into a new sector, as they firmly believe that these future growth sectors
would make them immensely rich. Investors have a penchant for chasing
the new, and thus new sectors soon become the stock market favorites.
161

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

8.2 TOP-DOWN APPROACH
This leads us to the style of investing known as the top-down approach.
It seems very simple. Identify a growth sector. How does one identify a
growth sector? A sector whose fortunes have changed. A sector which
has become a fancy of the stock market. A new sector showing
tremendous opportunities in the future. A new sector which can change
the lives of people. A new sector built on a new technological
breakthrough. A sector which finds mention in leading newspapers,
television shows, etc.
Right investment principles
Once this identification
do not promise short-term
process is complete, the next
and abnormal returns. They
task is to invest in companies
are representative of slow
in the sector. It is assumed that
and steady, long-term
since these companies are in the
returns.
new growth sector they will also
be able to reap the benefits. This
mode of investing is very popular, and retail as well as qualified
institutional investors follow the top-down approach.
However, when everyone is making investment decisions based on
these criteria, there is a demand-supply mismatch, leading to investors
paying a much higher price for the stock of companies in the new highgrowth sector.
8.2.1 High-Growth Sector
New sectors or transformed sectors always attract investors, as growth is
expected. This leads to a mad rush to invest in companies in such sectors.
The new excitement and the opportunities of the sector attract more
companies to enter. When this happens, the sector weight increases and
it signals the growth of the sector. The growth is not in profits, but it is
more so because of new entrants. However, when the sector becomes
sizeable in terms of market capitalization, its leading companies find a
place in the index. Getting into the index gives credibility not only to
the company, but also to the sector it represents. This gets the passive
institutional investors to give due weight to the sector when they invest
in the index. Thus we have a concentrated following of the sector by all
types of investors. This leads to the sector growing and this growth
162

Sector Investing

reinforces the wisdom of investing in the sector. The sector thus becomes
a fancy in the stock markets and grows with the values of the stock
prices of the companies in that
sector growing, as well as the
Stock market capitalization
entry of new companies in the
is not the right way to judge
sector.
the sector, if one is looking at
Investors’ expectations run
investing for returns in a
high and the prices of stocks
particular sector.
do not reflect true value. Stock
prices do not offer investment value. Prices are high as they have inbuilt investor expectations.
Although we find that the sector is growing rapidly, this growth is
marred by the following developments:
1. Larger number of companies entering the sector.
2. Investor frenzy leading to stock prices spiraling.
However, a rational investor will be concerned about decline in profits
from a sector due increasing competition from other firms entering, as
well as the wisdom of investing in companies at ridiculously high
valuations.
In the long run, rising or falling market weights are no indication of
rising or falling returns. On the contrary, the inverse could be true.
However, stock markets are always interesting because when it comes
to money, investors become emotional and their decisions are swayed
by the behavioral anomalies we will discuss below.

8.3 BEHAVIORAL TRAITS
The goal of any investment style is to get superior returns over other
styles. It depends upon the skill of the user and his or her ability to
predict the future. We wish it was that simple. In real life situations,
one is swayed by emotions and decisions are made not by the logic of an
investment style, but by the current fancy of an investment style. Let us
try to understand the different types of heuristics and biases which work
in sector investing. This will enable us to understand the reason for
mispriced securities. A deeper understanding of the behavioral aspects
will further enable us to avoid the pitfalls. Once our minds are able to
163

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

exhibit the right mental model of the different behavioral and cognitive
defects that besiege us, the understanding of the marketplace becomes
clear.
8.3.1 Representativeness
A company within a sector is representative of the sector. So if the sector
is a fancy of the market and
Rapid growth in a sector
expected to grow, the company
does not mean good
being a representative of the sector
investment returns for the
is also assumed to be in a similar
investors. Investor returns
growth phase. Hence, the
are dependent on the right
company also becomes a fancy.
acquisition price.
Investors believe that it is a good
investment, start chasing the stock and pay a fancy price, believing that
it is a growth stock. However, in reality, the fortunes of the company
may not be in synch with the economics of the sector. The working of
a company and its stock price are dependent on a host of factors, like
quality of management, capitalization, market standing, employee skills,
productivity and customer loyalty. Blindly buying any company just
because it is cheap in price and belongs to a growth sector can be very
dangerous for an investor. The recent technology boom is a fine example.
The IT sector was growing and Infosys was the leader of the pack.
However, it was expensively priced as compared with companies like
Pentafour, DSQ Software, Visual Soft—to name a few. However,
investors bought these companies thinking that they were representative
of the IT growth sector and they would be the future Infosys.
Representative thinking trapped these investors because when the fancy
with the sector receded, these stocks had no buyers and investors’ losses
were manifold. Even if one had bought a company like Infosys during
the sector euphoria in 1999–2000, thinking that it was representative
of the IT sector, one would have still suffered on the returns. Because
one would have paid a fancy price for it. Surprisingly, there was nothing
wrong with the IT sector; in fact, it has grown well even after the stock
market bust in the year 2000. The losses to investors were due to their
representativeness thinking.
164

Sector Investing

8.3.2 Availability
Whenever there is a turnaround in the fortunes of a sector, or a new
sector is born out of an innovation or a technological breakthrough, we
are bombarded with a lot of positive news on the same. It is the talk of
the town. It is a favorite subject of discussion at various gatherings,
parties and business forums. Everyone seems to have all the information
on this hot topic thanks to the media, who are regularly feeding you
with information on the same. Moreover, the stock market is the first to
react to this news and you suddenly find that all the stocks in the sector
become active, analysts start tracking them, and brokers start
recommending them. Ask anyone in the markets and you will hear the
same tune: the hot sector and the companies in the sector. Initially, the
euphoria starts with the representative thinking and it gathers steam as
the availability heuristic comes into play. All the available information
on the sector is positive, and one not only starts believing in the sector
but also starts recommending the sector. This reinforces the information
loop and the information gains credibility as stock prices in the sector
start going up, leading to a growth in the sector weight. This available
information gets more companies to enter the sector, which in turn
again increases the sector weight. In the current situation, the availability
heuristic on the India growth story is so strong that investors are chasing
sectors like infrastructure, capital goods, real estate and power, which
would be direct beneficiaries of the growth.
8.3.3 Herd Mentality
There is too much of chaos in the stock markets due to the overload of
information. In such times, people prefer to follow the popular thinking.
If things go wrong, there is always solace in the fact that you were not
alone. You did what everyone was doing. This is how the reinforcement
loop in sector investing works. Because it has become popular due to
the availability heuristic, it makes sense for people to follow the same.
They choose to be a part of the herd rather than be left alone. Most of
the time, people are aware that companies in the sector have stretched
valuations, but the herd mentality does not allow them to see reason.
Lack of self-belief makes them wonder how all others can be wrong.
Thus they blindly follow the crowd. We saw similar situations during
the IT sector boom. People did understand the excessive valuations of
165

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

technology companies but chose to stay with the herd, believing in the
new economy where the rules of the game were different. In the recent
past, was the herd mentality evident in the real estate sector, the
infrastructure sector and the power sector—all hot sectors with crazy
valuations.
8.3.4 Anchoring
The fortunes of a sector cannot change overnight. However the fortunes
of an individual company can change very fast due to various reasons
like natural calamity, mismanagement, entry of strong competitors,
government or regulatory controls. When investors adopt the top-down
investing style, they are so much anchored to the fortunes of the sector
that they mindlessly hold on to companies that belong to the sector.
Anchoring distorts their thinking. If the sector holds promise, they think
that the companies in the sector will also do well.
Again, during the IT boom the people were so anchored to the new
economy story that they were unable let go of their IT stocks when the
tide was turning. Investors also got trapped by fraudulent companies,
which happened to be in the IT sector.
In the recent past with the increase in real estate prices, investors
have been so anchored to these high prices that they blindly bought
shares in real estate companies. This opened the floodgates for even
shady companies to tap the capital markets. Getting anchored to the
9% economic growth, investors blindly bought shares of any
infrastructure company. Such was the fickle-minded behavior of investors.
Getting anchored to the right investment principles could save the
investors a lot of heartburn. The problem is that right investment
principles do not promise short-term and abnormal returns. Nor does
the herd follow them. They are representative of slow and steady, longterm returns.
8.3.5 Winner’s Curse
The companies in a sector that is doing well are prone to becoming
overconfident. The good times make them feel that they are smarter
than they really are. In such good times, companies tend to go in for
mindless acquisitions. In such a scramble for acquisitions, the company
166

Sector Investing

forgets the economics of an acquisition. In so doing, the company falls
into the trap of “winners curse”. In a competitive bidding the winner
ends up paying a very high price for the acquisition because, more than
economic sense, the ego and the vanity of winning dominate. When
that happens, the winner overpays and destroys the value of the firm.
This was aptly illustrated when Satyam bought Sify during the
technology boom. It was an acquisition which has heavily burdened
Satyam and the company is yet to recover from the same. Similar was
Tata Tea’s acquisition of Tetley, the strongest brand in the world.
In the present scenario, with the Indian economy booming and steel
prices firming, the steel industry outlook seems very bright. Of course
to help there is a commodity boom also. Inspired by the fortunes of the
sector, Tata Steel went on to acquire Corus Steel, one of the world’s
biggest steel giants. It outbid the competitors. Winner’s curse? Time
will show.
8.3.6 Confirmation Bias
Investors are always looking for evidence that will confirm their views.
They tend to avoid all information that is against their views. During a
sector boom, all available information on a company within that sector
is positive. Investors ignore negatives of a company and only seek positive
evidence. Here, the positive evidence is the positive information available
on the sector growth. Investors tend to base their investment decisions
on the sector growth, as it confirms their line of thinking. That is the
reason that, during a sector bubble, even the laggards start attracting
attention and their stocks start moving up.
One such example was evident in the price movement of the stock of
BPL Ltd. during January 2008. The stock was languishing at around
Rs.50 as there was no investor interest and the company was not doing
any business. However, as the rumor goes, the company had applied for
a power license a couple of years back and the same was approved. At
this time, the power sector was a very hot sector. This confirmed the
views of the investors that BPL was a good company as it was in the
power sector. The stock zoomed to Rs.170 within a month. It was back
to Rs.40 in the first week of April 2008.
167

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

8.4 SECTOR BUBBLE
Fundamentals in a sector do not change as fast as they would change in
a company. Therefore, a rapid increase in the weight of a sector is a sure
sign of a bubble.
Let us take the recent case of the infrastructure industry. With India’s
GDP growing at 9%, no doubt it is an important industry with good
growth prospects. There will be a lot of infrastructure development taking
place in the country in the form of building roads, bridges, dams, ports,
buildings, townships, airports, etc. This sector will remain an important
sector and the dynamics cannot change very fast. If the GDP growth
slackens, there could be a slow-down in the sector; but the economics
will remain intact.
However, it will take time for all companies in the infrastructure
sector to complete projects and thus reap the benefits. Yes, there could
be certain companies in the sector which could suffer huge losses due to
reasons beyond their control and go down under in a matter of months.
Fortunes of individual companies can change rapidly.
When the weight of a sector increases very rapidly it is a sign of a
bubble. This weight increase is more as a result of increased expectations
of entrepreneurs and investors alike.
On the other hand, a gradual increase in the weight of sector over
time, due to a steady rise in profits of firms is not a sign of a bubble.
Such a rise does not exhibit increased investor expectations.
8.4.1 Rapid Increase in New Companies Entering
Whenever a sector becomes hot and attracts investor attention, it signals
huge growth potential and excessive profits. Stock markets start giving
crazy valuations to companies in the sector. All of a sudden, you find
that stock prices of such companies start soaring, creating paper wealth.
The profits of the new sector, along with the potential to capitalize on
the greed of the investors, attract new companies to enter the field.
There could be companies which really find the sector activities
exciting, and which may enter the market as viable business models. Or
there could be companies which enter the market just to capitalize on
the greed of the investors. During the technology boom we saw many
genuine companies entering the markets, but there were many which
168

Sector Investing

entered by just affixing “dot com” behind their names and collected
crores of rupees from the markets. Investors were willing to pay any
price for a technology or an internet company.
With so many companies entering the market, we saw the sector
weight of technology and internet companies going up rapidly. This
was a sure sign of a sector bubble in the making. We all know the
consequences that followed.
This also leads to heating up of the IPO market. Companies seeking
to cash in on the sector euphoria come out with initial public offerings
as investors are willing to pay hefty valuations. The year 2006–2007
witnessed an unprecedented IPO boom in infrastructure, real estate and
power sectors.
8.4.2 Rapid Increase in the Stock Price of Companies in
the Sector
Irrational investor behavior plays an important role in the rapid increase
in the stock prices of companies in a particular sector. The promise of
high growth in a sector attracts investors willing to pay any price for the
stocks. Even if the fundamentals don’t justify the stock price, investors
are willing to pay a higher price as they believe that they are buying a
growth stock and such stocks are valued higher. Since these stocks are a
fancy, investors are willing to pay a fancy price, and thus the stock prices
show a rapid increase.
The entry of mutual funds also adds fuel to the fire. Sector-specific
funds collect huge amounts of money and that gets invested in sector
companies. This huge demand leads to an increase in stock prices. These
high prices again attract new companies to enter the markets and we
have a rapid growth of the sector weightage.
Such sector bubbles have been evident in the infrastructure, power
and the real estate sectors. Every known mutual fund asset management
company has come out with an infrastructure fund and a real estate
fund. Power funds will soon follow.
Stock market capitalization is not the right way to judge the sector, if
one is looking at investing for returns in a particular sector. Being a
contrarian investor could make one wealthier.
169

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

8.4.3 Growth Trap
A sector bubble is formed because investors start paying crazy valuations
for the companies in the sector. What excites the investors is the thrill
of an active sector with prices going up fast every day. There is action.
The lure of quick profits attracts investors willing to pay any price to be
a part of the sector. Different behavioral tendencies, discussed above,
make investors irrational. This leads them to fall into the growth trap.
Believing that the sector is growing and hence companies in the sector
are good investments, investors chase the shares of sector companies,
and they become the fancy. Too many investors chasing them take their
prices higher and higher.
Investors fall into the growth trap as they believe that they are buying
growth companies, and are, thus, willing to pay a higher price for this
growth. If one is a short-term trader and if one gets in and out of a hot
sector, it is fine. If one gets the timing right, one can make good money.
However. the question is how sustainable could this strategy be? For a
long-term investor, this growth trap would lead to inferior returns. Not
only the returns could suffer, but if the sector loses investors; fancy, one
could end up with huge losses.

8.5 SECTOR ANALYSIS
The Indian stock markets, though quite old, had their appreciable
beginning in 1991 after the liberalization process. This created an
environment where new sectors and companies started entering the
markets. The giant PSUs also found their way to the stock markets.
Financial liberalization got the banking sector an appreciable weightage,
as the public sector banks got listed on the stock exchanges. The initial
years started with the liberalization of the financial sector and the effects
of the same started being felt from the year 2000 onwards. The depth of
the stock markets increased from the year 2000 onwards. Hence, reliable
data on sectors is available from 1999–2000 onwards. Although the
data is not for a very long period, it is still useful for us to understand
the effects of investor behavior on the growth in different sectors.
It is important to note that the rise in the growth of all sectors from
the year 2004 is partly due to the positive change in sentiments, an
increase in GDP growth rate, effects of the earlier liberalization policies,
170

Sector Investing

increased funds flow from foreign institutional investors, growth of the
mutual fund industry, and favorable government policies for investments
in stock markets. This led to the BSE Sensex growing from around
2,800 in 2003 to around 21,000 in January 2008. India was witnessing
the biggest bull run in its history.
We have attempted to study the various sectors of the economy and
how they have moved. Some have moved up in weightage due to entry
of new companies, some have moved due to the sector becoming a fancy
and investors chasing, it and others have also stagnated showing lack of
investor interest. None of the sectors is showing any decline, as the
overall health of the economy is good and expected to grow at a healthy
9% per annum. This optimism is reflected in the bullish conditions in
the stock market.
For the long-term investor looking at returns, it is important to
understand the trends in the sector. If it is a hot and a fancy sector it can
show you dreams and affect your returns in the long run.
8.5.1 Automobile Sector

Figure 8.1 Performance of Automobile Sector versus the Sensex
With a base period of February 1999 and a value of 1,000, the BSE
Auto Index was launched on 23rd August 2004. As of February 2008,
the index was up to 4,147, giving a return of 314%.
171

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

It has grown steadily with the Sensex, but from February 2007 it has
been losing favor with investors. It has been lagging behind the Sensex
and showing a downward trend. The sector has been flat, starting off
with a sector PE of 13.72 that has just inched upwards to 15.12 as of
February 2008. There is no investor fancy.
However, the opportunities in such neglected sectors come in the
form of good, well-run companies that also get beaten down when the
sector loses favor.
Mahindra and Mahindra is available at a PE of 10.17, Maruti at
14.60, Tata Motors at 12.98, all much below the current average PE.
All these are large cap index stocks. This is how opportunities start
coming in neglected sectors.
A company like Bosch is available at a PE of 23 from its high of 54 at
the start of the index. I am in no way recommending the stocks. But the
idea is to show how value bargains arise when investor expectations are
low but a particular company in the sector is doing well.
8.5.2 Banking Sector

Figure 8.2 Performance of Banking Sector versus the Sensex
The banking sector index, or Bankex, was launched by the BSE on
23rd June 2003, with a base period of January 2002. It has delievered
a healthy return of around 900% to investors. However, it must be
noted that the returns from this sector are due to the following factors:
172

Sector Investing

1. The liberalization in the financial sector led to the entry of a host
of new firms in the market, leading to significant increase in
market capitalization.
2. The change in the fortunes of the banking sector attracted
investors to this sector in the hope that liberalized policies will
help the banking sector.
3. Most companies that entered the market belonged to the public
sector and they already had the infrastructure, like branch network,
in place. This helped them to compete favorably in the newly
liberalized era.
4. The launch of the Bankex coincided with the upward movement
of the market, which also started in 2003.
Looking at the chart (Figure 8.2), it is evident that the growth in this
sector is in line with the stock market movement, the entry of new firms and
meeting investor expectations on performance. There is a steady increase
from 2003 to 2006, signifying no evidence of a bubble in this sector growth.
The period from mid-2006 to January 2008 in the chart shows a steep
rise in the form of high investor expectations. However, this was more
due to the entry of new firms and further issue of capital. Around Rs.3,229
crores were raised in 2006 and a whopping Rs.11,642 crores in 2007.
This included the mega issue of ICICI Bank, which raised around
Rs.10,000 crores. However, if one looks at the valuations of different
companies in the sector, they seem to be reasonable around 17% to 25%.
If one looks at the PE ratio performance, this sector had a PE of
around 8.33 at the start. The PE in February 2008 is around 25.
However, as mentioned earlier, the expansion in this sector has been
due to the entry of new firms. The PEs of most of the stocks in the
sector are well below the average of 25. Only the private sector banks
attract a higher PE of more than 25. These include HDFC Bank, ICICI
Bank, Kotak Mahindra Bank, Axis Bank, Centurion Bank and Yes Bank.
All of them command a PE of over 50—that is, double the average.
Investors’ expectations from the private sector banks, due to the expected
high growth in the financial sector, are very high. The rest of the banks
happen to be PSU banks and their PEs are well below the average. These
banks are not investor fancies. Investor fancy comes when certain events
take place. Again this is the case of PSU-aversion discussed in the chapter
on PSUs. After the Union Budget of 2008, most of the PSU banks have
173

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

been further losing favor with investors due to some populist measures
like waiving of the farmer loans amounting to about Rs. 60,000 crores.
8.5.3 Capital Goods Sector

Figure 8.3 Performance of Capital Goods Sector versus the Sensex
The BSE Capital Goods Index was launched in August 1999, with a
base period of February 1999. The returns have been a whopping
1,485%. One of the main reasons for the high returns is the bearish
conditions prevailing during 1999–2000, when the index was launched.
Most of the components of the index are old companies, having a good
track record of performance. The depressed stock market did not value
these companies favorably. If one looks at the chart (Figure 8.3), it is
evident that the sector growth was healthy, with the performance of the
companies improving due to increased economic activity. One would
notice a steady and smooth increase, from 1,000 to 8,000, until mid2006. This was in line with the stock markets moving upwards.
However, signs of a steep spurt in the sector are evident when the
index moves from around 9,000 in mid-2006 to 21,000 in end-2007.
There are no appreciable additions of new companies. This growth is
only because of high valuations of these companies due to increased
investor expectations. On expectations of higher GDP growth at over
9%, investors were willing to give multiples as high as 50% to companies
in the sector. A sure sign of a growth trap for investors.
174

Sector Investing

Moreover, the entry of infrastructure mutual funds added to making
the capital goods sector an investor fancy.
The average PE of the sector at the launch was 12.49, which has
moved up to 39.74 in 2008. About a third of the companies in this
sector are commanding a PE over 40.
One cannot call this a bubble, but definitely evidence of a growth trap.
8.5.4 Fast-Moving Consumer Goods Sector

Figure 8.4 Performance of FMCG Sector versus Sensex
The BSE FMCG index was launched on August 1999, with a base
period of February 1999. The 1,000 value has appreciated to 2,175 on
8th February 2008, giving a meager return of 117.5%. It has been the
most neglected sector, despite the change in stock market sentiment
from 2003 onwards. From the above chart, it is evident that the sector
has not moved in line with the markets. Especially from 2006, it is
showing lack of investor interest. The Sensex returns have been much
more than the sector returns. The performance of the companies in the
sector has been good, but they are much below investor expectations.
Investor returns are least likely to suffer if they invest in this sector.
At the start, the sector PE was 19.97 and in February 2008 it has
moved to just 26.58, even though the market has moved seven-fold.
This sector has not moved with the markets. Most of the individual
175

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

blue-chip stocks are available around a PE of 25 to 35. The slow down
in GDP growth due to the overall sluggishness in the world economy
could hit this sector hard, psychologically. That is how opportunities
emerge. This sector does offer value to long-term investors. Index
volatility could throw up good opportunities in this sector.
Long-term investors need to invest in sustainable businesses and the
FMCG sector offers great investment opportunities. There are excellent
companies, including a few multinationals, with a strong brand and a
wide distribution network. Fast moving consumer products thrive on
branding and distribution. Moreover, the composition of this sector
has companies with strong management and corporate governance. The
valuations of companies in this sector that have a sustainable business
model are reasonable. The prices do not reflect high investor expectations.
8.5.5 Health Care Sector

Figure 8.5 Performance of Healthcare Sector versus the Sensex
The BSE Health Care index was launched in August 1999, with a base
period of February 1999. The base index value of 1,000 has gone up to
3,633.61 on February 2008, giving a return of 263.4 % over a period of
nine years. The above chart (Figure 8.5) shows a steady rise in this
sector, which is in line with the growth in the major indices, due to the
sustained bull rallies that started in 2003. However, from 2006 it is
evident that the sector is stagnating, indicating lack of investor interest.
176

Sector Investing

The Sensex has been on an upward spree and the returns from the sector
are lagging the Sensex.
Since inception, the sector PE was 20.59, and in February 2008 the
sector PE has just inched up to 21.76, despite the bull run taking the
Sensex from 3,000 to 21,000 in the same period. The sector has remained
flat. Most of the companies are available below or near the average sector
PE. It is a neglected sector and offers tremendous opportunities to longterm investors looking at good dividends and returns.
This sector comprises Indian as well as multinational companies with
strong management. There has been a steady growth in this sector, but
it was never a fancy of the investors. Since 2004, investors have been
more attracted to fast-growing companies. They have been neglecting
such steady sustainable businesses as exist in this sector. However, this
sector holds good promise for future investment returns, and boasts of
well-managed, innovative companies with strong research and
development capabilities.
The companies in the sector are adequately valued and the prices do
not reflect undue investor expectations. This sector has no investor
interest or fancy.
8.5.6 Information Technology Sector

Figure 8.6 Performance of Information Technology Sector versus
the Sensex
177

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

The BSE IT index was launched on 9th August 1999, with a
base year starting 1st February 1999 with a value of 1,000. This
launch was during the start of the dream IT bull run. The sector
index was 3,843 in February 2008, giving an aggregate return of
284.3% over the decade. But if one looks at the chart above
(Figure 8.6), one will find that most of the returns are due to the
bubble period from 1999 to 2001. Thereafter, the sector stayed
subdued for a couple of years, and showed some revival from 2003
due to improved market conditions. However, this sector has not
been able to keep pace with the general stock market performance. In
fact, it is evident that, from January 2007, the IT sector has been an
under-performer to the market. This was due to the strengthening of
the rupee against the dollar, which was expected to dent the profits of
the technology companies. Most of them had dollar-denominated
earnings from exports.
The IT sector PE at inception was just 4.31, and in February 2008 it
has gone up to 20.97. It seems to have moved with the Sensex, but in
reality, barring just two companies, the other companies are near or
below the average PE. The two companies that create the distortion
are Financial Technologies, commanding a PE of 135, and Aptech at a
PE of 55. Even the market leader, Infosys, is available at a PE of 22.
Other reputable companies, like Tata Consultancy Services, Mphasis
BFL, Iflex, Wipro and Tech Mahindra, are available at a PE of 21 or
less.
This sector exhibits no investor fancy and this is more evident after
January 2007 when the export earnings started suffering due to the
strong rupee.
This is a sector which has matured over time, having seen the excesses
of the 2000–2001 bull market. With low built-in expectations and the
sector growth stagnating, it offers good long-term returns.

178

Sector Investing

8.5.7 Metals Sector

Figure 8.7 Performance of Metals Sector versus the Sensex
The BSE Metals Index was launched on 23rd August 2004, with a
base period of 1st February 1999, and a value of 1,000. The BSE Metals
Index touched a high of 20,494 on 4th January 2008, showing an
aggregate return of 1,949%. This is one of the best-performing sectors
over the last five years.
What explains this stellar performance from the Metals Index? The
answer lies in understanding the nature of the commodity business.
Unlike companies in the FMCG, consumer durables and healthcare
sectors, which witness a consistent demand for their products, the
demand for commodities is very sensitive to the overall expansion and
contraction of the economic status of the world. During the last five
years, the world has witnessed an expansion of the world economy,
leading to a sudden spurt in the demand for metals. One of the prime
reasons has been the emergence of China as a net importer of metals.
The prices of commodities have seen an upward trend, resulting in a
bonanza for commodity companies.
The optimism surrounding commodity companies during the late2007 period is evident from the chart above (Figure 8.7), with a sudden
spurt in the Metals Index due to the increasing commodity prices.
179

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

As Warren Buffet famously observed, one pays a very high price in
the stock market for cheery consensus, people did pay a huge price for
the high optimism as the Metals sector lost around 35-40% from its
high of 20,494 in January 2008, by correcting to around 13,000 levels
during the recent correction from 21,000 to 15,000 levels.
As an investor, one would do well to tread cautiously while investing
in the Metals sector. All the talk about a 10-15 year extended commodity
bull market will be belied once the world economy slows down. We are
already seeing signs of such slow-down.
8.5.8 Oil and Gas Sector

Figure 8.8 Performance of Oil and Gas Sector versus the Sensex
With a base period of 1st February 1999, and a value of 1,000 the BSE
Oil and Gas Index was launched on 23rd August 2004. As of February
2008 the total value was 10,638, giving an aggregate return of 963%.
With the improved market conditions, the sector has moved with the
markets. However, mid-2007 we see a steep rise (Figure 8.8). However,
there is no sign of a bubble in the sector. This steep rise is due to two
highly speculative stocks, Essar Oil and Reliance Natural Resources,
that went way up. This was an abnormal, speculative movement.
At the start of the bull run in 2003 the sector PE was 9.19 and the
same has moved to 25.37 in February 2008. This is in line with the
market’s upward movement. The distortion in the PE valuation is evident
180

Sector Investing

from the high PE multiples of just three companies. As of February 2008,
Reliance Natural Resources had a PE of over 628, Essar Oil 175 and
Aban Lloyd 91; while other sector companies were well below the market
average. Only Reliance Industries was a shade above the market average.
A bubble is evident in individual stocks, rather than the sector,
although the chart shows a steep rise in spite of the downward Sensex.
Investor irrationality and speculative manipulation is evident.
8.5.9 Power Sector

Figure 8.9 Performance of Power Sector versus the Sensex
With a base year of January 2005 and a value of 1,000 the BSE Power
Index was launched on 9th November 2007. Power was a hot sector
and hence the need arose to have a power index. This is evident from
the fact that the aggregate returns have been 273.6 %. The value of the
index stood at 3,736 in February 2008. The index has been cruising
steadily in line with the BSE Sensex (Figure 8.9). However, in the later
part of 2007, we see a big spurt. The power index starts beating the
Sensex. This signifies build up of euphoria.
The power index stock comprises very good companies, both Indian
and multinational, which have been favorites amongst investors. The
sector includes companies in power generation and transmission, as well
as power equipment manufacturers. The PE of the power sector in 2005
was 46.04, which has come down to 33.77 in February 2008. This could
be due to the new companies entering after 2005. The years 2005 and
181

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

2006 saw the markets growing very fast and the infrastructure, power and
power equipment sectors were very hot. New companies entered and
commanded huge valuations. Over time this euphoria died and the
valuations fell from their irrational peak.
This sector is still a fancy of the markets and we can see much more
euphoria in the sector. Investor fancy was evident in the subscriptions
received by Reliance Power on its debut. However, the listing saw investors
losing, as the stock listed at less than the issue price. Gains on the listing
of Reliance Power could have created a bubble-like situation, as the stock
would have had a very large market capitalization and would have entered
the BSE Sensex and the Nifty.
Power equipment manufacturers command higher valuations than the
power generators, as the latter fall in to the category of utility companies.
Moreover, power generation does have controls over pricing. Thus we
have a mixed bag in this sector. Consequently, Reliance Power’s over
confidence of high valuations from the market was belied.
The sector bubble built up could be difficult, but as we saw with Reliance
Power, we could have individual stock bubbles by companies selling dreams
to investors.
8.5.10 Real Estate

Figure 8.10 Performance of Real Estate Sector versus the Sensex
182

Sector Investing

The BSE Realty Index with a base year of 2005 and a value of 1,000
was launched on 9th July 2007. As of February 2008 the value is
9,783.85, giving an aggregate return of 878.3% within a span of just
three years. Since its launch, it has beaten the index by a large margin.
However, even with the entry of new players, this index is showing an
irrational upward trend.
PE in this sector is quite irrelevant as investors buy in to real estate
companies based on the land bank concept. However, observing the PE
trend gives us some startling insights of irrational human behavior. The
PE at the launch was 50.12 and currently, in February 2008, it is 56.72.
Some of the companies are quoting way above the average PE and some
are way below. A company like India Bulls Realty is quoting at a PE
above 850 and DLF, a market leader and part of the Sensex, is quoting
at a PE of 67, while Parsvanath Developers is quoting at just around
14.54 and Ansal Developers at just 8. There is no sanity in valuations.
In fact, although this is a very hot sector and a bubble-like situation is
evident, the IPO of Emmar Holdings had to be called off when it opened
for subscription in February 2008.
Long-term investors would be wary of getting in to the real estate
sector due to the opaque nature of transactions. A great deal of
unaccounted money changes hands in real estate deals. Moreover,
development permissions and various clearances often come in by way
of bribes to politicians and government authorities. Corporate
governance is a big issue in this sector. Hence, we find that it has become
the turf only of speculators and short-term traders.

8.6 SECTOR GROWTH EFFECT
When the stock markets are strong and a sector is showing growth and
immense potential, entrepreneurs see it as an opportunity to expand
existing capacities or to make fresh entry in the sector. A growing sector
attracts investors and entrepreneurs eager to raise capital. Investors are
attracted by their greed to make fast money in a growing sector and the
raisers of capital are also attracted by their greed to raise resources at
fancy prices as the investors are greedy enough to pay. In a situation like
this, companies tend to over-price their issues, and the investment
bankers appointed by the companies tend to aggressively sell these
183

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

overpriced securities to the investors. Gray market operations start
flourishing. Brokers start tracking the hot sectors, as they are easier to
sell to the investors, enabling them to increase their business and income.
Content is provided to the various print and electronic media in the
form of news on the sector, corporate plans, mergers and acquisitions,
research reports, analysts’ interviews, etc. It keeps the TV channels busy
and in turn attracts advertisement revenues. A new sector offers new
marketing gimmicks to asset management companies. Sector-specific
funds find their way to the market. It is the right time to increase moneyunder-management. No one gives two hoots if this strategy is against
investor interest. As it is, public memory is quite short and a wrong
done by all becomes a right. When the sector is growing, companies
tend to bring out huge public issues, as it is easy to get subscriptions.
Listing at fancy prices increases the market capitalization and this gets
them entry into the Index. This ensures credibility for the management
and the company. As will be seen in the chapter on index investing,
entry to the index is dependent on the market capitalization and has
nothing to do with the quality of the company or the management.
We have identified two hot bubble-like sectors in our sector analysis
and I wish to bring out the behavioral traits of the various participants
and the heuristic traps that endanger investors.
At the height of the power sector bubble, we saw the success of the
initial public offering of Reliance Power Ltd., the mother of all issues. I
have chosen Reliance Power Ltd. (RPL) as a case study because it brings
out how sector growth worked for the company, as well as how the
growth trap worked against the company and the investors.
8.6.1 Reliance Power IPO: Behavioral Traits
This is an interesting case study because it shows how greed can become
a graveyard for even a strong brand like “Reliance”. My idea is to study
the various behavioral traits of the issue, rather than to be a critic of the
company. Evidence has shown that the power sector was the hottest
sector in 2007. It was showing signs of a bubble. However, everything
changed in February 2008.
Management of RPL

Although the promoter had another listed company, Reliance Energy,
they chose to float RPL as a separate company. Maybe the wild sector
growth prompted him to get into the growth trap. There were certain
184

Sector Investing

transfers of contracts from Reliance Energy, and capital structuring and
financing questions with RPL; but that is not the subject of our
discussion. In short this action on the part of the promoter signifies
greed.
RPL, a new company with a profit of merely Rs.16 lakhs, planned to
enter the markets at around Rs.450 per share for a face value of Rs.10.
This is again greed and the overconfidence in the Reliance brand.
Overconfidence bias was so strong that one hardly saw any banners or
advertisements of the issue details. Most of the advertisements were
linked to the India growth story and powering India. No doubt, the
issue was heavily oversubscribed and made a record to be called the
mother of all issues. The brand name had worked.
Investment Bankers appointed by RPL

The job of the investment bankers is to advise the company on pricing
the issue and to create a win-win situation for both the company and
the investors. However, when brand Reliance is scouting for investment
bankers there is a mad rush to be in the list. The advisory role takes a
back seat and they all become selling agents. Their goal is to please the
company and to sell the company’s shares at the price the company
wants. Professional wisdom takes a back seat and greed dominates. Greed
to earn huge fees and greed to be associated with brand Reliance. The
issue was oversubscribed and they all celebrated. Each one took pride in
their collections to the issue. But no one knows how much of his or her
own money he or she invested in the issue.
What made the issue a success?

1. Strong sector growth and fancy attracted the investors.
2. Brand Reliance under the leadership of the late Dhirubhai
Ambani, the father of equity investing in India, had never let
down those who invested in his company. RPL was an “Anil
Dhirubhai Ambani Group” company. Representative heuristic
was at work.
3. Bullish market conditions prevailing at the time.
4. Greed of the investors.
5. Aggressive selling strategy of investment bankers and gray market
premium.
185

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance
Behavioral Traits that Worked in Marketing

Availability Bias: There was this theme of “powering India”. RPL was
the answer. This was linked to the India growth story. Everyone believed
in the India growth story and, thus, started believing in the RPL story
of powering India. Moreover, it was the strong brand of Reliance that
was vivid in everyone’s mind.
Power was a hot subject in the stock markets. So all available
information on the power sector was positive.
Representative Thinking: Since the power sector was hot, all the
power companies’ stocks were quoting at high PE multiples. Investors
had seen the prices of these companies going up. There were also visible
listing gains in companies like Powergrid and NTPC. This made
investors see RPL as a representative of a good power stock, from which
they would make money on listing.
Gray Market Premium Manipulation: Let us go back a decade,
when there was a gray market premium for the close-ended mutual
fund launched by Morgan Stanley. It was a classic case of investor insanity
and brute manipulation. Investors got trapped and lost money. The
reputation of Morgan Stanley was tarnished and, to date, they have not
ventured to bring another mutual fund to the markets. There was a
gray market premium of around Rs.400 to 500 in RPL. Investors got
trapped with two heuristics: availability heuristic, where available
information of a market price on listing assured profits; and representative
heuristic, where RPL stock was representative of a price equal to the
issue price plus the gray market premium. In short, a stock available at
50% discount to the expected market price. Over-zealous investment
bankers capitalized.
Greater Fool Theory: The investors also understood that the stock
offering price of around Rs.430 to 450 was expensive, but all were
confident that they would sell their stock on listing and make a clean
profit. There were broker reports recommending subscription to the
issue with an exit on listing. The greater fool theory was at work.
Surprisingly, even the qualified institutional investors were also thinking
on the same lines.
Herd Mentality: Everybody wanted to sell on listing and the stock
tumbled. It was the herd at work. The same herd had made the issue a
mother of all issues just a fortnight back. This is how crowd behavior works.
186

Sector Investing

Lesson to be Learnt: Only 10% of shares were issued to the public.
The main promoters Anil Ambani and Reliance Energy Ltd. held 45%
each. They had offered themselves each share at Rs.10, while the public
was offered the same shares at Rs. 430–Rs. 450 per share. This was a
blatant display of overconfidence and greed.
Wisdom Ignored: An issue price of Rs. 250–300 would have changed
the situation drastically. The decrease in resource mobilization would
have been more than offset by the goodwill of the investors gained.
Brand Reliance would have become much stronger. This is what Mr.
Dhirubhai Ambani would have done. He understood the psychology
of markets and the investors. That’s how he created brand Reliance and
became known as the father of equity investing in India. Group IPOs
in the pipeline would have been cake-walks. Anil Ambani would be the
richest man in India and would have beaten brother Mukesh’s market
capitalization. Greed, together with biased advisors, evaded wisdom.

8.7 LESSONS FOR INVESTORS
Investors get trapped in the Growth Trap when they invest in sectors
that are hot and fancy in the markets.
1. Investors end up paying crazy valuations for stocks when they
chase stocks in the current hot sectors. This affects their longterm returns. This could also lead to capital depreciation.
2. When a sector is hot, new companies taking advantage of the
market conditions enter the market with initial public offerings
to cash in on the investor fancy. This leads to investors paying
fancy prices for mediocre companies. Beware of IPOs.
3. Investment bankers try to cash in on the fancy sector by selling
sub-par paper to the investors.
4. Be careful of the information fed to you by the media. Be wary of
your favorite stock market TV shows. Carefully scan various buy
recommendations from intermediaries.
5. Rapid growth in a sector does not mean good investment returns
for the investors. In fact, the inverse is true. Investor returns are
dependent on the right acquisition price.
6. A sector changes slowly, but companies’ fortunes can change very
rapidly. Misguided portfolio allocations based on sector growth
can lead to acquisition of mispriced securities.
187

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

7. Sector bubbles are a warning to investors to reduce their allocation
to the sector. We saw the IT sector bubble in 1999–2000. A
similar bubble is evident in the real estate sector. Such sectors are
not for the long-term investor.
8. A deflated sector, like FMCG or healthcare, offers good
investment opportunities for long-term returns. The companies
in these sectors are also available at reasonable PE multiples.
9. Do not buy what others are also buying. Long-term returns are a
function of buying what others are not buying. It is here that you
get the price advantage.

8.8 CONCLUSION
Sector investing is also akin to stock investing. You need not buy what
is popular. You need not buy what all are buying, as that has already
become expensive. You need not buy a hot sector, as the stocks in that
sector are all expensive on representative thinking. Moreover, when a
sector is doing well, an investor is more likely to get into the growth
trap because the choice of a company in the sector may be wrong.
Alternatively, when a sector does well, unscrupulous managements enter
the sector with weak business models, as a result of which investors pay
high valuations based on the sector. Companies would often change
names representing the current hot sector to attract investor attention.
Judging by our past discussions, it really does make sense to look at a
sector with sustainable economic characteristics, which is doing poorly
due to lack of investor interest. However, the challenge would be to
identify the right company in the sector. Companies in out-of-favor
sectors can result in healthy investor returns.
Forging is a very dull sector per se. It has no charisma of technology
innovation or a fancy of a growth. In the early-1980s, it was a neglected
sector and not many companies would like to be in such a sector. With
the exodus of companies from the sector due to uneconomic scales,
only a few companies stayed in the sector. One such company was Bharat
Forge. Its management concentrated on what it did best and improved
its efficiency. When the sector did not have the fancy of investors, it did
not have much competition. This gave it a lead to build an impressive
moat around it. It did a mediocre business very efficiently and gave
188

Sector Investing

handsome returns to its shareholders. It has returned, on an average,
over 31% compounded returns to its investors from 1979 to date.
Returns are calculated based on reinvested dividends. At that time, the
forging sector as well as the company were obscure names.
Similarly, at present FMCG is a neglected sector. However, the
underlying business is sustainable despite weak economic conditions.
Companies with a strong brand and a wide distribution network in this
sector offer good investment opportunities. So is the case with a neglected
sector like technology. Oracle invested in IFlex Solutions at Rs.2,100 a
share. This stock is available at half the price at Rs.980. Can you go
wrong? The sector is neglected and so is this great company.

189

NINE
9

INITIAL PUBLIC
OFFERINGS

9.1 The Lure of the New
9.2 The Indian IPO Scenario
9.3 The Economics of an IPO
9.4 The Initial Risk Takers
9.5 Psychological Errors
9.6 Investor Heuristic
9.7 Understanding the IPO Phenomena
9.8 Conclusion

Initial Public Offerings

9.1 THE LURE OF THE NEW
We are always excited by the newness of a thing. Even when it comes to
decisions as regards buying clothes, shoes, house, car, etc., we are excited
to own something new and discard the old. In so doing, we end up
getting poorer because we end up paying more for the new. Go to a car
dealer offering you a new car and agreeing to buy back your old car. See
the price differential. It’s huge.
You don’t get a good price for a
When it comes to investing
car you have maintained so well.
we are excited by the new. Be
Your leather seats are worthless
it a new growth industry, be
and you paid a fortune when you
it a new technology company
fitted them. In the new car, you
or even a new initial public
are again paying a bomb for the
offering (IPO) of shares.
leather seats. It is our tendency
to go for the new, as it satisfies
our ego and also the belief that the new is better than the old.
Even when it comes to investing we are excited by the new. Be it a
new growth industry, be it a new technology company or even a new
initial public offering (IPO) of shares. When we are thinking of a sound
wealth-building strategy, we have to understand the pitfalls that besiege
us in the stock markets. All through this book we have tried to understand
various behavioral traits that affect our decision-making in investing.
We will discuss in this chapter one such vehicle for investing, namely
IPOs.
A lot of investors have made huge gains in stocks bought through
IPOs. However, evidence suggests that such winners are very few and
are far outnumbered by the losers.
In stock markets, you make money in some and lose in others,
depending on your choice of stocks. However, in reality, most of the
profits and losses arise out of emotional buying and selling. Chasing the
new and the fads and fancies of the market are more out of following
crowd behavior. If one has to buy clothes, jewelry, cars and items of
personal consumption, it makes sense to be in tune with the latest trends
and fashion.
However, in investing, it is not necessarily the right thing to do. Your
returns get affected in the long run.
193

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

9.2 THE INDIAN IPO SCENARIO
Companies come out with public issues for a host of reasons. The need
for external funds to reduce the burden of debt and reduce the interest
cost prompt promoters to take the IPO route of financing. To fund
huge expansion plans, promoters
In stock markets, most of
float IPOs. The promoters of the
the profits and losses
companies prefer to dilute their
arise out of emotional
stake in the company when they
buying and selling.
are hopeful of getting a handsome
price for their shares due to bullish
market conditions. Unscrupulous managements come with IPOs to cash
in on the current IPO boom in a bubble period—like the one we saw
during the technology boom in 1999–2000, when a company had only
to affix “dotcom” after its name to have investors willing to pay crazy
valuations. IPO-mushrooming is very common in bull markets.
India enjoyed a major boom of IPOs in the mid-1990s. This hot
IPO period came to an end in 1995-96 with a fall in the stock market
and a downturn in the economy. Investors who subscribed at the height
of the boom suffered significant losses, and the primary market recovered
from this debacle as late as 2004–5. With economic growth improving,
we saw the start of a bull phase in 2003. However, this rise was with
subdued optimism, and the primary market was lackluster. It picked up
steam in 2006, with sectors like infrastructure, telecom, power and real
estate doing exceedingly well. Investor interest soared. This led to a
host of issues hitting the capital markets to take advantage of this frenzy.
The bunching of IPOs was indicative of a bubble in the making.
In the late-1990s, the Indian corporate sector was in the midst of a
structural transformation with the old economy companies’ stocks doing
badly in the face of global competition, while software companies
delivered outstanding financial results. The stock market also rewarded
the new economy stocks with high valuations. In this environment, it
was difficult for most old economy companies to come to the market
even with a credible business plan.
While the primary market has become an important source of
mobilizing funds for Indian issuers since the commencement of the
economic reform process in 1991–92, the ability of the primary market
194

Initial Public Offerings

to provide resources to issuers has varied. The amount raised from the
primary market increased from Rs.6,214.84 crores in 1991–92 to
Rs.27,632.50 crores in 1994–95.
Investors like to always talk
The primary market remained
about their winning sprees
dull in 1995–96 and 1996–97 and
rather than about their
the funds raised from the primary
losses.
market declined to Rs.20,803.63
crores in 1995–96 and further
declined to Rs.14,284.31 crores in 1996–97. In addition to the general
economic and investment environment, the size of the issue has also
depended on the eligibility criteria and disclosure norms, which have
been made more stringent over the years, to ensure the availability of
quality paper.

9.3 THE ECONOMICS OF AN IPO
A company intending to raise resources for expansion and acquisitions
would like to go for an IPO. Or a group of initial investors desiring an
exit would also like to go for an IPO. Or a company having plans for a
new product or service would like to raise capital from the public, as no
other mode of financing is available.
When the company is selling shares to the public it would want the
maximum possible price. The higher the price, the more money it gets
for its original investors and risk-takers.
When will it get the maximum price? In bull markets when people
are willing to pay any price for owning stocks. So most of these IPOs
are timed with bull markets, when prices are high. Therefore, as an
investor, you buy such stocks at high prices. What are the chances of
your earning healthy returns when you buy stocks at higher prices? Not
much, unless you are very lucky.
Why do not many IPOs come in bear markets? Because in bear
markets prices are depressed and the companies believe that their shares
are more valuable than the price the market is willing to pay. So, in a
bull market they are able to sell you the shares at a much higher value
than the fair value.
We believe that we can make money by investing in the new. Some
even consider it a sound strategy to invest in the new as, in a dynamic
195

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

economy, creative destruction paves the way for the new. Hope it was
correct and true as it sounds.
Looking back, during the 1994–1995 financial sector boom, we had
a host of old as well as newlyfloated finance firms entering the
Most people base their
market to raise capital. The
judgment about risk and
liberalization of the financial
return on ‘singular’
markets had begun and it was
information that is very
assumed that the growth in the
readily
and
easily
sector would be fuelled by the
available, such as recent
entry of a vast number of players.
events.
There was a mad rush of IPOs in
the financial sector. Every one of these had plans to set up a non-banking
finance company and provide various services. This was also followed
by IPOs in the plantations sector, which had all of a sudden become a
hot sector and a fancy of the investors. Investors lost fortunes in both
these phases. Most of these companies do not even exist today. All of
these IPOs were oversubscribed many times and all had opened at a
premium on listing. However, this hot period lasted for a short time
only, after which the stocks started losing in value. (These hot periods
are typical of IPOs and we shall discuss this in detail in the later part of
this chapter.)
Then. in the late 1990s, we had the technology boom and again a
host of IPOs entered the market. This time, it was the hype of the new
economy emerging and the death of the ‘brick and mortar’ business.
Everyone talked about the new economy. But nobody understood
whether the new economy was for real. It was the herd mentality at
work. Everyone started believing in the new economy and everyone
started buying such stocks and made a beeline to grab a piece of the
IPOs. The argument went thus: Even if one out of ten of your new
investments paid off, it was enough to take care of the losses in the
remaining ones and you could still come out a winner. What gave them
this confidence? It was the crazy valuations the listed stocks were
enjoying. Visual Software reached a peak of Rs.10,000 for a Rs.10 face
value, to come to a low of Rs.80 when the party ended. It was a favorite
and highly recommended by one of the leading broker cum merchant
bankers. The story does not end here. You have a long list of such heavy
196

Initial Public Offerings

losers, like Himachal Futuristic, Software Solutions Ltd, DSQ Software
and Pentafour Media to name a few.
Only one company, Infosys, has immensely rewarded its shareholders.
However, it did not come with an IPO in the technology-boom bull
market. It came much before that, in 1992, and its issue had a tough
time getting subscribed. It came with an IPO with a genuine need to
finance its expansion and growth. There was no intention to capitalize
on the market boom, as none existed then. The intention being noble,
the management has amply rewarded the shareholders with consistent
growth in profits and earnings. It has done exceedingly well and is at
present the market leader. During the technology boom when everyone
was buying technology stocks or IPOs they were thinking that they
were buying the next Infosys.
The notion that the IPO is
“Those who cannot remember
for the benefit of the
the past are condemned to repeat
investor to make money on
it.”George Santayana
listing is a big mental
The year 2006–2007 saw another
heuristic.
frenzy in the financial and real
estate sectors. Sector growth was fueled by additions of new companies
to the market. The financial sector boom was fueled by the entry and
listing of financial brokerage services. The real estate sector boom was
fueled by the entry of real estate developers and builders.
The ET Realty Index has lost 47% since the beginning of 2008, as
on March 18th 2008. Of the 11 real estate companies that got listed
since December 2006, seven companies were quoting at 40% below
their listed price while the rest were just hovering around the issue price.
Mumbai-based developer HDIL’s IPO came at an offer price of
Rs.500 in July 2007. Within six months of listing, the stock touched
Rs.1,432, and by March 2008 it was trading at Rs.538—marginally
above listing price.
Similarly, little-known real estate companies, like Kolte Patil, which
came to cash in on the investor euphoria got listed in late-2007, saw an
all time high of Rs.272, and then crashed to Rs.92 in March 2008.
Another company, Brigade Enterprises, touched an all-time high of
Rs.428 in January 2008 and then crashed to Rs.173 in March 2008.

197

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

The only companies that provided an upside to IPO investors are
relatively smaller companies like Orbit Corporation, trading at 300%
above the issue price, and Akruti City, trading at 46% above the issue
price, in March 2008.
Among financial services and brokerages, Motilal Oswal Financial
Services, which made its debut in September 2007, saw its stock double
in just three months. It touched a high of Rs.2,200 in January 2008, to
crash to Rs.590 in March 2008, considerably below its issue price of
Rs.825. Similarly, Edelweiss Capital, which got listed on the bourses in
December 2007 at an issue price of Rs.825, went up to touch a high of
Rs.1,800 in January 2008 to crash to Rs.611, way below the issue price.
What does this mean for the investors? Although there were a few
winners, there were far too many losers. Most of the IPO investors have
lagged the market returns.
Investors are always looking at benefiting from the new. A new
breakthrough technology, a new product or an idea, a new business
model, etc. Identifying companies promoting such innovations, and
investing in them, is assumed to make good money for the investors.
Such companies come to the market through the IPO route and investors
make a mad rush to acquire these, even at higher prices. When all the
investors are thinking this way, there is a demand-supply mismatch and
the price goes up. Anything that becomes a fancy commands a fancy
price. Investors thus lose out on their returns in the long run as they pay
a fancy price.
It is not that such creativity and innovation do not benefit the investor.
They do; but this space is reserved for the early investors who really
took the risk when there was uncertainty. But IPOs come to the market
when there is certainty, and it is only in such times that the investors are
willing to pay a higher price. This willingness to pay the higher price
benefits the initial investors who were the risk-takers.
Innovation and creativity do benefit the inventor. There have been
so many millionaires who made it because of their innovations.

9.4 THE INITIAL RISK-TAKERS
In the chapter on index investing we will see that the returns on the
laggards have far exceeded the returns on the newcomers. Here, too, we
198

Initial Public Offerings

find that the IPOs, supposedly representing the new, underperform in
the long run. One could conclude that it is best to stick with the old,
and ask why one would venture to innovate, be creative and take risks if
one is not ably rewarded. Initial risk-takers and the innovative and
creative people do get rewarded, and that too immensely. Otherwise
we would not have any innovations.
We need to understand how this wealth-creating process actually
works. The inventor starts his company and has a unique product or
service in mind. He requires capital and in comes the angel investors.
The company grows and requires more capital. In come the venture
capitalists and the private equity firms. The company grows further
and, when the time comes for the initial investors to exit, they do it by
way of an IPO, and that too when the market is bullish. This enables
them to get good valuations. They are rewarded because they have been
with the early stages of the company and taken big risks. The markets
do reward the innovators and they make huge money on their products
and services. If that were not the case, we would not have any innovations
taking place. The early risk-takers, like the angel investors, venture
capitalists and private equity investors also get rewarded because they
were long-term investors. This, again, goes to prove that investing is all
about holding for the long run.
Now when they need to exit they need to also price the issue properly,
so that some money is left on the table for the IPO investors to make
money. However, this initial listing euphoria is short-lived because of
the hot issue markets, which we will discuss later.

9.5 PSYCHOLOGICAL ERRORS
9.5.1 Base Rate Information
Base rate information is typically abstract and not readily available.
Historical statistics constitute examples of base rate information. Most
people base their judgment about risk and return on information that is
very readily and easily available, such as recent events. This type of
information is called singular information. People who over-weigh recent
events are prone to extrapolating recent trends while making forecasts
and decisions based on these forecasts. That is why, in bull markets,
199

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

people expect higher returns from stocks, and in bear markets they expect
lower returns. When such extrapolation is unwarranted, then the
resulting bias is called extrapolation bias. It is for this reason that people
have invested blindly in the recent IPOs in bull markets and shunned
them in the bear markets. In bull markets, people rely on singular
information of how investors in IPOs have made money, without taking
into consideration the base information or the historical statistics. This
also makes them borrow from banks to subscribe for IPOs.
Moreover, investors like to always talk about their winning sprees
rather than about their losses. So, even if a minority of IPOs has rewarded
the investors, the available information being strong, it aids the recall
value and investors believe that IPOs are the next best thing to happen
in the capital markets.
9.5.2 Under-pricing Heuristic
It is assumed that a company under-prices its IPO and leaves some
money on the table. Willful under-pricing is unlikely; the fact that stocks
rise on listing usually signifies managers’ and investment bankers’
inability to judge market sentiment. It is also out of fear of the IPO
failing that management believes in initial under-pricing.
However, the notional loss from under-pricing is more than offset by
the gain from the management’s current stake appreciating in value due
to a higher stock price on listing.
Of course, we cannot generalize the under-pricing phenomenon, as
there are some good managements which believe in giving adequate
returns to new investors. A classical example is that of TCS, from the
house of TATA, when it came out with its IPO. It was cheaply priced
with money kept on the table for the investors. Such management does
exist.
Nevertheless, greed and the endowment effect play a very important
role in IPOs. In February 2008, Emaar Holdings entered the market
with an overpriced issue which was rejected by investors. The company
withdrew the issue. This itself signifies that the company was only
interested in capitalizing on the boom conditions by selling stock to
investors at ridiculous valuations, and not in raising resources for the
business. Overpricing and withdrawal of the issue raises doubts on the
credibility of the management and the concerned investment bankers.
200

Initial Public Offerings

However, stock markets are known for the fickle-minded behavior of
investors, and as soon as the sentiment changes, they will chase the
same company and investment banker.
9.5.3 Recency and Herd Instinct
IPOs make noise during their launch with big advertisement campaigns.
Dreams are sold to the investors. Then there comes a gray market
premium. Investors get carried away by all the news on the IPO and
this recency effect makes them invest in the company.
When the news on the company is so vivid and eye-catching, every
type of investor joins the bandwagon. The herd instinct takes over and
investors start competing with each other to get a piece of the pie.
This was so very evident in the launch of the Morgan Stanley Mutual
Fund in the early-1990s. The fund was supposed to collect money from
the public and invest in the stock market. Considering the expenses
involved, the net asset value could never be more than the issue price of
Rs.10 per unit. However, there was a gray market premium of Rs.8 to
Rs.15. The fund launch received immense support from investors. The
recency effect was played by the reputed name of Morgan Stanley and
the gray market premium instigating the greed of the investors. This
recency effect led to a strong herd behavior by investors. When the
listing took place, the reality dawned. The investors felt cheated. The
company collected the money, their asset management company became
profitable, and the investment banker made a fortune.
9.5.4 Anchoring
Initially in India we had a Controller of Capital Issues, who would
decide the pricing of IPOs. This made subscription to IPOs very
profitable and investors in the past have made handsome returns.
However, today the office of the Controller of Capital Issues has been
abolished and SEBI, the regulator, oversees IPOs. Today, IPOs have to
be priced at market rates. So, technically, IPOs are like any other stock
listed in the market and it should not be something really sought after
where people feel that a lucky allotment would make them good money.
However, investors are so anchored to the past that they are unable to
see the reality as it exists today. They blindly chase IPOs.
201

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

This heuristic-driven IPO craze works so well on the psychology of
the investors that even reputed mutual fund houses started marketing
their new schemes as New Fund Offering (NFOs). Investors would
chase such offerings thinking that a new offering is available at par. Not
the right thing expected of professionals from such an industry. But
when it becomes a standard practice followed by all it becomes the right
thing.
9.5.5 Representative Heuristic
If investors have made money in a couple of IPOs then other IPOs
become representative of profitable IPOs. Investors blindly chase IPOs.
This herd mentality creates huge demand and the IPOs tend to get
oversubscribed. This demand-supply mismatch creates a profit for the
investors on listing. Investors start believing that investing in IPOs is
the sure way to profits, and the IPO craze starts. Managements start
looking at opportunities to capitalize on this investor craze and, thus,
one sees a bunching of IPOs.
The year 2006 saw 75 IPOs entering the market, of which 54 were at
a premium on listing. This set the basis for the IPO boom. Investors
got attracted by the listing gains and chased every IPO. Banks freely
lent money for the same. The year 2007 saw 96 listings, of which 61
were at a premium on listing. The premium listing performance was
lower, at 63%, than the 72% observed in 2006. More investors entering
had got more companies trying to capitalize on the IPO craze.
This downward trend got vitiated in early-2008, when investors lost
in the most steeply-priced and hyped issue of RPL. The greed of the
management and the investment bankers had pricked the IPO bubble.
Issues like Wockhardt failed to get investor support in February 2008
and another hyped and overpriced issue of Emmaar Holdings had to be
called off. IPOs once representative of profits turned representatives of
losses.
9.5.6 Round Trip Fallacy
Consider the following statement, ‘All successful people are hard
workers.’ Could it be inferred that all hard workers are successful people.
Not really. Hard work is of course one of the integral attributes behind
successful people but it is not the singular attribute.
202

Initial Public Offerings

Similarly, most of the cheap stocks generally have low or moderate
PE ratios and only in exceptional cases have high PE ratio. By believing
that all low P/E stocks would necessarily be cheap stocks, one is
succumbing to the ‘round trip fallacy’.
Similar thing happens when investors rush for IPOs. The initial
premium on listing makes investors believe that all IPOs will result in
listing gains. Thus, investors rush for any IPO, and even go to the extent
of borrowing money from the banks to participate in the IPO boom.
This is how the IPO bubble is formed.
Listed companies act as a very good anchor for the new IPOs in a
similar industry. IPO management and investment bankers price their
issues below the comparable industry listed company PEs. This makes
the IPO attractive, and investors use this yardstick for allocating resources
to the IPOs. All companies are different and it is a fallacy to use the PE
heuristic to make investment decisions.

9.6 INVESTOR HEURISTIC
Investors take shortcuts in processing information. They do not process
the full information. This leads to certain biases in their decision-making.
If they are able to understand the following realities, less fortunes will
be lost in this mad rush for IPOs.
9.6.1 Investment Bankers
In case of a company wishing to come out with an IPO, it has to appoint
an investment banker to market the IPO. The investment banker, over
and above the fixed fees, is also given a percentage of sales as success
fees, which acts as an incentive to price the IPO as high as possible. The
investment banker, acting as the company’s agent, helps it to get the
maximum price. Those investing in the IPO rely on the information
provided by the investment banker, and make investment decisions based
on the research report prepared by the investment banker and/or their
associates. In bull markets, investors blindly follow the investment
bankers, relying on their recent successes. And in bull markets all have
a past success record. This heuristic-driven mentality of the investors
makes them prone to losing money when they try to choose the newest
of the new.
203

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

RPL is a very good example. It had appointed the top investment
bankers to advise the company. Investors relied on what these bankers
said over television, newspapers and the media. They trusted these
bankers, not in the least realizing that they were selling agents for the
company. After the issue was sold, the rug got pulled and the stock
quoted at a discount on listing. Investors lost, but the investment bankers
collected their fees.
Another case of an investment banker developing cold feet and
withdrawing is the IPO of Emmaar Holdings.
If Investment Bankers were to underwrite the issue before taking it
public, then we would not have seen issues being overpriced and
withdrawn. It was a mockery of the system and the investors. These are
just a few recent cases in the long list.
9.6.2 Under-Pricing
The most basic problem of IPO under-pricing is the presence of both
“good” and “bad” firms going public, together with asymmetric
information between firms and investors. This is true of IPOs all over
the world, and likely to be more relevant in India, where IPOs are
marketed to retail investors who have very little knowledge. The
possibility of informed investors capitalizing on their information is the
driver of under-pricing. IPOs have to be under-priced on an average to
compensate uninformed investors.
In a classic article, Rock (1986) explores the role of the “winner’s
curse” in IPO under-pricing. Rock’s model has two kinds of investors,
those who are perfectly informed about the true value of the firm and
those who are completely uninformed about the true value of the firm.
The number of shares being sold through an issue is fixed, and informed
investors will only attempt to buy shares when an issue is relatively underpriced. Hence, uninformed investors, who do not know whether a given
issue is under-priced or not, suffer from a winner’s curse. They get all
the shares they want of the poor issues, and they get a small allocation
of the good issues. This sort of phenomenon is predominantly at work
in India.
9.6.3 Market Pricing
Investors get unduly excited by the IPO phenomenon, and mistakenly
believe that they are getting something cheap. IPOs are priced at the
204

Initial Public Offerings

market price—a price that the investors are willing to pay. The market
sentiment decides the price of an IPO. The investment banker prices
the issue on behalf of the company and does so with the intention of
getting the maximum price for the company. The price is never meant
to be in favor of the investor. But still investors chase IPOs in the belief
that they are good money-making opportunities. They follow this rule
of thumb, which has no logic. On the contrary, evidence suggests that
investing in IPOs is akin to buying a lottery ticket or betting on horseracing.
The only difference is that, on listing, it can quote at a premium or a
discount. It is this that makes investors chase IPOs in bull markets and
shun them in bear markets.
9.6.4 Sell on Listing
Even if the investors are aware of all the facts mentioned above, it is
their greed and the overconfidence in their ability, which makes them
fall prey to IPO investing. This greed is so relentless that they also borrow
at high interest rates to apply for IPOs.
Their overconfidence level is so high that they believe that, even
though the issue is overpriced, they would be smart enough to get out
of the stock, making a profit before the others do. However, the sad
part is that all investors are also thinking on the same lines. Yes, this
could work in some issues; but it is a risky business, as sentiments change
overnight in the markets.
This was so very evident in the IPO of RPL. The IPO received
overwhelming support and was heavily oversubscribed. Although the
stock was priced at a hefty PE of around 5,000, investors were willing
to stake a bet. They all understood the high valuations, but each one
was thinking that he would sell on listing. Nobody really believed in the
company or the sustainability of the stock price, but was confident of
making a profit by selling on listing. It was a false hope that the price
would be maintained and that there would be buyers for the stock at an
even higher price. When all were thinking of selling on listing, they all
came together and the stock price plunged.
One would think that such behavior would come from a lay investor
who is ignorant and uneducated to understand the intricacies of the
205

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

stock market. However, even the most sophisticated and qualified
investors like the mutual fund managers and institutional money
managers were also investors in the RPL IPO, and they also invested
thinking of selling on listing. Why pay them such huge salaries when
they also behave like a man on the street? Is it right to entrust them with
such large amounts of public money?

9.7 UNDERSTANDING THE IPO PHENOMENA
9.7.1 Hot Issue Market
A hot issue market is when the demand for new issues is very high. Bull
markets and irrational behavior of investors enable hot issue markets. A
company intending to raise resources for its expansion and acquisition
would like to get the maximum amount of money by giving a minimum
amount of shares to the public. Or a group of initial investors desiring
an exit would also like to get the maximum price for their stocks. Or a
company having plans for a new product or service would like to raise
capital from the public as no other mode of financing is available. In a
bull market, when investors are greedy for buying stocks, such IPOs
find their way to the hot issue market. In fact, bunching of such IPOs
signifies the build-up of a bubble.
Revisiting 1993–1994, there is evidence of a bull market due to the
liberalization of the economy. This led to a hot issues market, and the
year 1993–94 saw more than 600 IPOs hitting the market. Most of
these companies do not even exist today. In the absence of a regulator,
all kinds of paper entered the market only to leave the investor poorer.
This was again followed by the technology boom in 1999–2000,
when we saw many technology companies or internet or ‘dot com’
companies coming out with IPOs. However, this hot period was
restricted to the IT sector. Investors lost heavily in most of these highlypriced companies when the bust came. Of all the IPOs that entered the
capital markets in 2000 only 48% exist as of today. The rest have
vanished. In the year 2000, 79% of the IPOs were by technology
companies as that was the hot sector. Of these IT companies, 90% have
206

Initial Public Offerings

been delisted or have disappeared altogether. This is enough evidence
to support the view that hot sector IPOs are against investor interest.
The sad part is that the investment bankers who got these issues to the
market laughed their way to the bank, leaving the investors a poorer lot.
The year 2006 was when the IPO markets saw some movement and
one had a choice of different companies in the hot sectors entering the
markets. The stock markets were also going up on the strength of a
strong GDP growth and foreign institutional investors making aggressive
purchases in the market. Growth in the economy would lead to rise in
infrastructure spending and thus lead to a growth of the construction
and real estate companies. Along with this growth, the liberalization of
the financial sector was already creating an impetus for the banking and
the financial services companies. The healthy stock markets again made
the financial services sector a favorite of the investors.
In 2006 we had 75 IPOs and 72% of these gave handsome listing
gains to the investors. This was enough for the bankers to get in to lend
money for investing in IPOs. The signs of an emerging hot market were
evident.
In the year 2007 we had 96 IPOs and 61 of them made their debut
with a premium on listing. We had 16 IPOs from the construction
sector alone, raising around Rs.154.5 billion. The largest issue was that
of DLF, raising Rs. 92 billion.
Following construction, we had nine IPOs from the banking and the
financial services sectors, garnering around Rs.105 billion.
This was followed by 11 IPOs from the IT sector, raising just Rs.14.2
billion. These were relatively small issues.
Since the overall sentiment was good we did have issues across sectors;
but the bunching of issues was evident in construction, banking and
financial services.
At the end of 2007 there was evidence of increased activity in the
power sector. Power Grid was listed at a handsome listing gain of 93%.
Such utility companies with regulatory price controls were quoting at
high PE multiples. Tata Power, NTPC and Power Grid were all quoting
at PEs above 28. The hot IPO market was evident. One had only to
wait for the excesses to happen and the sentiment would change.
207

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

Figure 9.1 Number and Value of IPOs from 1989 to 2008
The chart (Figure 9.1) depicts the IPO boom from 1993 to 1996
due to the liberalization of the Indian economy. We had a record number
of public issues entering the market to cash in on the hot IPO market.
Thereafter, we had the hot IT sector in 1999–2000, when we saw a
host of IT and ‘dot com’ companies cashing in on the investor frenzy.
Thereafter, the markets were very subdued, and IPO activity nearly
dried up until 2004. The only IPOs that entered during the dry period
were those of PSU banks and some others which were due to government
stake sales. From 2004 onwards, IPO activity gathered momentum and,
more than the number of issues, the size of issues was significant.
Resource mobilization of more than Rs.50,000 crores was leading to
excesses.
9.7.2 Initial Under-Pricing
The notion that the IPO is for the benefit of the investor to make money
on listing is a big mental heuristic. Why does one go for an IPO? To
raise resources; and to do that, one does so in a hot market, so that the
maximum price is obtained. Moreover, during such times investors
become irrational, and in their greed to make money they invest in
almost anything. Although managers in charge of raising resources try
to price the issue appropriately, they find on the day of the listing that
they made a mistake in under-pricing the issue as the listing price is way
above the issue price.
208

Initial Public Offerings

One would think that the managers and the investment bankers had
under-priced the issue to benefit new investors. But such things do not
happen in finance, and that too in bull markets. The difference is in
valuing the stock. The issue price could be more than the fair value the
managers thought, but it could be well below the expectations of the
market. When expectations are high—and rightly so in bull markets—
you have the phenomenon of initial under-pricing. It is more due to the
behavior of the investors. Most IPOs quote at a heavy premium on
listing but soon the premium vanishes.
Very few companies are able to maintain the initial listing gains. The
table below shows the start of the IPO boom in 2004. In 2001 38% of
the companies gave a negative listing return, and a further 13% gave
negative listing returns in 2002. The revival of the stock markets in
2003, although with fewer new issues, shows no negative listing gains.
The years 2004, 2005 and 2006 witnessed positive listing gains by over
95% of the companies.
Table 9.1 Listing Gains from IPOs, 2001 to 2007

Year

Negative

0%–20%

20%–50%

50%–100%

2001

38%

38%

9%

15%

2002

13%

50%

37%

22%

33%

23%

22%

2003

>100%

2004

4%

20%

32%

28%

16%

2005

4%

33%

38%

20%

5%

2006

5%

45%

36%

12%

2%

2007

20%

36%

17%

27%

However, these initial listing gains soon vanished, as the initial
euphoria of the new vanishes. No longer does it command a fancy in
the markets, except if the company comes out with extraordinary reasons
for change of fortunes or some good corporate news. This is amply
evident in the next table, which shows returns after one month of listing.

209

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance
Table 9.2 Gains One Month after IPO Listings, 2001 to 2007

Year

Negative

0%–20%

20%–50%

50%–100%

>100%

2001

85%

7%

2002

49%

38%

13%

2003

11%

33%

12%

33%

11%

2004

16%

12%

36%

20%

16%

2005

15%

20%

22%

27%

16%

2006

39%

20%

17%

16%

8%

2007

43%

11%

19%

10%

17%

8%

These initial listing gains have vanished despite a strong bull market
extending up to 2008. No doubt, there have been certain stocks which,
even after one month, have given more than the listing gains. However,
this could be attributed to the bull market conditions and the specific
sector fancies like real estate, infrastructure and capital goods, power
and financial services sectors.
Our basic argument is that, if one is lucky, one can come across a few
IPOs where one can reap immense benefits. However, there are too
many IPOs where one can get trapped and that can take away the gains
of the winners. It’s all about paying the right price for an investment, to
reap long-term, healthy returns.
The losses to investors in the earlier IPO boom of 1993–1996 were
particularly unfortunate, as the IPO bust was followed by a prolonged
bear market. We consider that situation in the following topic on longterm under-performance.
9.7.3 Long-Term Under-Performance
New issues earn lower returns for the investors than comparable stocks.
Those buying the stocks on first day listing tend to lose in a big way.
Since new issues tend to come when the appetite for stocks is strong,
two things happen. Strong demand leads to higher pricing. Returns, as
we have discussed earlier in the book, are always subject buying an asset
at the right price. If a higher price is paid for an asset, the returns suffer.
This is what happens to investors in IPOs.
210

Initial Public Offerings

Good investment opportunities in IPOs come in bear markets, as we
saw with Infosys in 1992. Although the issue received a very lukewarm
response, long- term investors have reaped handsome returns. Had the
IPO come in 1999–2000, I am sure the returns for the investors would
have been negative, as it would have been over-valued due to the bullish
conditions at that time. However, the issue would have got heavily
oversubscribed. During the technology boom, the price of Infosys’ stock
was more than 200 times its earnings. Investors who bought the stock
at such high rates are still nursing their wounds. These multiples are not
sustainable in the long run. Similar excesses in IPOs have been happening
in 2007–2008. Investors are willing to pay excessive multiples. They
are sure to lose in the long run.
The biggest losses come to investors when they buy IPOs on listing,
as they were not lucky enough to get the initial allotment. They are
caught in the winners’ curse trap. When they are not lucky enough to
get it on allotment, they try to buy it on listing at whatever the opening
price. The goal of buying the investment at the right price is forgotten.
The goal changes to being the proud acquirer of the stock. Yes, the
stock is acquired; but at great financial distress in the long run.
Evidence shows that investors have lost money most of the time when
they have bought IPOs at the offer price. Can you imagine the plight of
investors who buy on listing? They always end up paying a much higher
price on listing because of the initial investor euphoria in the price
discovering process. Moreover, the gray market premium fluctuations
also distort the prices on listing. Normally, for an IPO after the initial
first listing, the hot market lasts for about six to nine months and, after
that, the cold period starts, where you have a gradual drift in stock
price, signifying loss of interest by investors.
A long-term performance analysis of the IPOs since 1991 shows a
very disappointing picture. A sample of 1,540 IPOs that were listed
between 1991 and 2000, has been taken. Out of the 3,122 IPOs for
which we managed to collect data from the CMIE Prowess database,
only 1,540 continued to be listed up to November 2006. This, in itself,
shows that 50% of these companies got delisted, merged or vanished.
Investors lost a lot of money in these so-called new and growing
companies. The 1,540 companies still being traded also do not give a
very good picture. A performance analysis of these companies and their
comparison with the market index (BSE Sensex) is summarized in the
following table. The poor performance of these IPOs can easily be seen
211

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

from the fact that more than 56% of these IPOs gave negative longterm returns, thus eroding investors’ wealth. Only about 15% of the
IPOs managed to give more returns than the Sensex. In the years 1993–
1996, the maximum number (4,000) of IPOs came to the market. The
performance of IPOs that came out during these most active years has
been very poor. Investors would have lost their hard-earned money by
investing in these IPOs with the thought of investing in the new. The
extent of the loss can be judged from the fact that more than 50% of
these companies have been merged (very small number), delisted or
vanished. Note that in the table, (1) the average annual returns have
been calculated from the monthly closing prices (average annual returns
= average monthly returns × 12); (2) the returns have been calculated
from the month of listing to November 2006; and (3) the excess returns
have been calculated by subtracting the Sensex returns from the stock
returns for the same period.
Table 9.3 Performance Analysis of IPOs from 1991–2000

Year

No. of
IPOs

IPOs
with
Positive
Annual
Returns

%

Excess
Returns
than the
Sensex

%

IPOs
with
Negative
Annual
Returns

%

1991

25

16

64.0

7

28.0

9

36.0

1992

63

29

46.0

11

17.5

34

54.0

1993

160

71

44.4

29

18.1

89

55.6

1994

397

159

40.1

49

12.3

238

59.9

1995

529

221

41.8

60

11.3

308

58.2

1996

232

118

50.9

49

21.1

114

49.1

1997

30

17

56.7

5

16.7

13

43.3

1998

12

10

83.3

6

50.0

2

16.7

1999

18

7

38.9

5

27.8

11

61.1

2000

74

26

35.1

13

17.6

48

64.9

Total

1,540

674

43.8

234

15.2

866

56.2

The next table shows the IPOs which outperformed the Sensex by a
certain percentage. The maximum number of IPOs gave excess returns
between 0% to 5%, only.
212

Initial Public Offerings

Of the 234 IPOs which gave excess returns as compared to the Sensex,
11% are from the banking and financial services sectors; 10% each are
from metals and mining, and pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors;
and 9% each are from infrastructure and construction, and software
sectors.
Table 9.4 Number of IPOs that Outperformed the Sensex

Excess
Returns (%)

0–5

05–10

10–15

15–20

More
than 20

Total

No. of IPOs

82

48

46

26

32

234

Of the 674 IPOs which gave positive annual returns, more than 50%
gave only marginal returns in the range of 0% to 10%. The table below
summarizes these IPOs according to the returns they gave.
Table 9.5

Number of IPOs that gave positive returns

Average Annual
Returns (%)

0–10

10–20

20–30

Above 30

Total

No. of IPOs

364

164

86

60

674

9.8 CONCLUSION
It is safe to conclude that IPOs, which seem like a good investment vehicle
are, in reality, not so. In fact an IPO is a product which is against investor
interest, as it is mostly offered to investors when they are willing to pay a
higher and outrageous valuation in boom times. It makes sense for the
company and the investment banker to dump these stocks on the investors.
IPOs only come to markets when the management feels that they will get
a good price for unloading their stocks. Evidence has shown that out of
the many IPOs that come to the markets only a very few reward
shareholders. It makes sense for wise investors to wait for bear markets to
pick up such investment opportunities. Of course, always avoid chasing
these stocks on listing or during the hot IPO period. There are too many
people who would be doing that and, when the losses come and their
patience dies; these same people will offer you these stocks at tempting
valuations. Do not be carried away by the newest of the new as you end
up paying high prices only to take a hit on your returns.
213

TEN
10

INDEX INVESTING

10.1 Introduction
10.2 The Essence of Continuity and Discontinuity
10.3 Is it Possible?
10.4 Stock Market Behavior
10.5 What is Index Investing?
10.6 Why do Investors go for Index Investing?
10.7 Evidence Suggests the Contrary
10.8 Lessons for Investors
10.9 Conclusion

Index Investing

10.1 INTRODUCTION

A company gets into
the index not because it
is good, but because it
has a high market
capitalization.

The other day, I was with a client
whose money we were managing for
the last four years. We had done
exceedingly well on his portfolio,
with spectacular returns. I will not
take any credit for the returns, as everyone in the Indian markets has
done well, especially if you were lucky enough to get the money in
2003 as we did. I will take the credit for having invested his money in
the right wealth-enhancing assets and walked our talk of having a longterm investing strategy. Our churn rate on the portfolio was negligible.
We had beaten the Sensex by around 2% and the Nifty by around 1%,
while ensuring that the downside was protected. The client, though
pleased with the performance did not show any enthusiasm, as he
believed that he would have also been better off had he just invested in
the Index. Why was he going through all this when passive investing
works so well? My immediate answer to him was that beating the index
by 2% was not a small feat and if one were to compound the same for
the next 5 to 10 years it would make a big difference to his portfolio.
This argument also did not go down well with him, and I left it at that
as I thought that this could be his way of bargaining to bring down the
fees.
However, this got me thinking. Here we were making all efforts to
do some value investing by spending time and energy identifying the
right long-term stocks, and there you have a very passive form of investing
that gives you nearly the same returns.
Who was I to argue when there was a track record of the most
successful Vanguard Funds, which had pioneered the concept of Index
Funds? On more introspection I concluded that their popularity soared
from two distinct human behavioral traits.
One was the offer of lower fees as compared to the more activelymanaged funds. Psychologically, it was a big positive, as it indirectly
conveyed the message that lower fees added to the overall returns to the
investor. Moreover, investors were quite dismayed by the fees that asset
management companies charged, irrespective of the profits or losses
made by them.
217

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

The other trait that worked was the psychological solace that one was
with the crowd. If the markets went up, one would gain, and if they
went down, one would lose. There being no benchmark to the Index
but the index itself, there would
Investing is a difficult game
be no regret-aversion in case of
and there are a very few
fairing poorly. People wouldn’t
seasoned investors in the
mind losing if everybody was
world who have done
losing. As long as they had
exceedingly well in the
company they were comfortable.
markets.
Was “The Law of the Farm”
being vindicated? Can such
passive investing score over the efforts of identifying value and mispriced
stocks? Being a firm believer in behavioral finance, it is my strong belief
that the majority of market participants display crowd behavior that
leads to irrational choices. This gives rise to mispriced opportunities.
Index investing was also, in a sense, copying that crowd behavior. There
was nothing contrarian about it. If it was that simple, can it benefit the
investor? This called for some real soul-searching and, thus, started the
research on index investing.

10.2 THE ESSENCE OF CONTINUITY AND DISCONTINUITY
Corporations are built on the assumption of continuity, and their focus
is on operations. Capital markets are built on the assumption of
discontinuity, and their focus is on creation and destruction. The market
encourages rapid and extensive creation and, hence, greater wealthbuilding. It is less tolerant than the corporation is of long-term
underperformance.
Why do people prefer passive investing like the index or the index
funds? Most investors prefer to avoid the ups and downs of the markets
and the rigmarole of choosing individual stocks and, thus, shun active
investing. They believe that the best way to beat individual active
investing is to put money in index stocks. There is this conventional
wisdom, which says that index investing will beat individual stockpicking for the following reason.
Individual stocks have their life cycles. In the initial phase, the
entrepreneur is filled with passion and works on intuition. When passion
218

Index Investing

rules, information and analysis are ignored in the name of vision. The
company keeps on growing and, over time, bureaucracy starts building
up. The company does well, and passions cool down and are replaced
by rational decision-making: the codification of what worked in the
past. This causes a cultural lock-in and the company is unable to reinvent
itself. This leads to the company’s decline.
However, markets are very different. They lack culture and leadership.
They do not experience the bursts of desperation, depression, denial
and hope that the corporations face. They have no institutional
memories, nor do they have any mental models. The markets allow
weaker companies to be put up for sale or to exit and pave way for entry
of the new. They help creative disruption to happen.
It was based on this hypothesis that indices were formed. It was to
facilitate continuity by aiding the discontinuity of individual
corporations, and helping the new ones to take their place. It was to be
a representative of the markets.
It requires not only
intelligence but also the
10.3 IS IT POSSIBLE?
emotional strength to be a
good investor.
In theory, it sounds very good; but
when put to practice there are a
few grave misgivings. How does one judge whether a company is good
or bad? A lull (like the FMCG sector during the IT boom) or strong
growth (the one we saw in 1999–2000 with the technology sector stocks)
could be temporary phenomena. How does one identify a good or a
bad company? Sales? Profits? Earnings growth? These are all variable
factors. Again, indices have to deal with creative destruction; but how
does one decide which companies are dying and which new companies
are the right replacements? So many questions remain unanswered and
the best way in this situation is to adopt the most non-controversial and
the most ineffective. Market capitalization was the answer. Entry to
indices was facilitated by the size of market capitalization the company
enjoys. Judging quality being difficult, quality gave way to quantity. In
new growth sectors, companies with large market capitalization found
their way to the index.
Reliance Communications Ltd. got listed on 6th March 2006 and,
due to a huge market capitalization, found its way to the BSE Sensex on
12th June 2006, with just three months of listing track record.
219

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

10.4 STOCK MARKET BEHAVIOR
We have discussed earlier that the markets aid creative destruction.
However, in reality, the markets are not rational, especially in the short
run. So the process of creative destruction does not happen as assumed.
The markets comprise of people who have emotions, and most of the
time their decisions are made from the heart rather than from the mind.
Such decisions may not be rational. Stocks quoted on stock exchanges
do not necessarily quote at their fair value. Their prices are dependent
on various factors, like the market sentiments, the demand and supply
mismatch, investors expectations, management interest in stock price,
operators’ manipulation, interest of institutional investors, entry into
international indices, stock options trading, optimism and pessimism.
A company gets into the index not because it is good, but because it
has a high market capitalization. This is a function of the stock being a
fancy of investors and being a part of the latest frenzy of a growth sector.
Investors end up paying hefty valuations for such a stock . This price
increases the market capitalization and the same is reflected in the index.
The index goes up because the price of the stock in the index goes up.
Investor returns are directly connected to the price they pay for the
stock. When investors pay a high price for a stock or an index, their
returns over the long run suffer.
DLF Ltd. is a classic example of this. It had a tough time getting
SEBI approval to enter the markets with an IPO in view of certain
pending litigations with the minority shareholders of the company.
However, after much delay, when the IPO hit the market it received
good investor response as the real estate market was hot. It was the
biggest issue in 2007 and garnered Rs. 92 billion from the market. The
market capitalization of the company was substantial, and within three
months it found a place in the index. It had an image makeover and a
strong following of qualified institutional investors. None of them would
ever be able to value the land bank the company claimed to own.
However, since it was a large capitalization stock and an index
representative, it was assumed to be a good company.
That is why we saw many big issues entering the market in 2006–
2007. Although the number of issues was small, their size was so large
that we had record resource mobilization in these years. In 2007 alone,
we had a mobilization of Rs. 442 billion with just 96 IPOs.
220

Index Investing

Management’s concentration has shifted from running businesses to
managing market capitalization. Stock options act as a great incentive
for them to do so. Behavioral anomalies responsible for the undue stress
on market capitalization and its effect on the index are discussed in the
following sections.
10.4.1 Mystery of the Unknown
Investors are always willing to pay more for the value of a mystery. So,
in times when a new industry or a sector is in the offing, investors are
excited by the promise of the unknown. So is the case with the advent
of a new technology or a breakthrough invention. New ideas and new
technologies supposedly are
Successful investing is all
expected to change the rules of the
about buying what others
game and expected to make
are selling and selling what
money for the investors. It is on
this basis that investors are willing
others are buying.
to pay fancy prices to have a piece
of the action. When such fancies are chased by the investors, their prices
start going up and this increases their market capitalization. They start
becoming big with their stock prices appreciating.
Remember the technology boom in the years 1999–2000? Technology
companies commanded lofty valuations and this added to their market
capitalization. Thus, we had so many companies finding a place in the
index—not because they were really good businesses, but because they
were popular with the investors who were willing to pay exorbitant prices
to own them. During that time the technology sector had a weightage
of over 25% in the BSE Sensex.
However, when the craze for the technology sector ended, all these
stock prices crashed. Nothing had drastically gone wrong with the sector.
Only investor sentiment changed. The hype died and so did the market
capitalization of companies. Once the mystery unfolded, rationality
prevailed. NIIT and HCL Technologies lost their places in the BSE
Sensex.
10.4.2 Management Greed
When a company happens to be in the hot sector and its stock is chased
by the investors, the management gets a false sense of security. The
media reports about the rise in the net worth of the management and
221

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

compares it with the peers. This comparison leads to overconfidence
about ability. The management embarks upon huge expansion plans
and acquisitions, leading to a further rise in stock prices and, ultimately,
in market capitalization. The fear of slipping down in ranking makes
them undertake risky business ventures. They become victims of the
winner’s curse. Over time, these ventures fail and the stock takes a
beating. Dreams are shattered. In a highly competitive environment, it
is difficult to keep up to high investor expectations. However, the lure
created by media frenzy keeps the competition going.
Most corporate houses are in the market capitalization game. It gives
them credibility and market following. The media cover them. It is a
new-found craze. Envy and greed fuel this fire.
This is very much evident
with Ambani brothers after the It just requires a little courage
split of the Reliance empire. to go against the crowd and
Both are so engrossed in the act in a contrarian way.
market capitalization game that Evidence has shown that going
every other day one hears about against the popular thinking
an announcement of some pays in the long run.
merger, acquisition, a private
equity investment, a gas discovery, a government contract for building
an airport or a SEZ, or a strategic alliance. Rather than concentrating
on business, energy is diverted to increasing market capitalization. That
is how Reliance Communications came in to the BSE Sensex, and, soon,
so will RPL and Reliance Petroleum.
It is this market capitalization that helps companies to grow
exponentially, and the stock market helps such companies to raise huge
resources.
10.4.3 Operators
A bull market gets many types of operators willing to pay the piper. If
one is famous for some past successful bets, he becomes the mover of
markets. Investors follow such operators blindly. The media also make
them heroes by giving them extensive exposure. For the media, it is hot
content catching eyeballs. Managements wanting to increase their stock
prices approach such operators to rig their stocks. A higher stock price
has many advantages for the management. They can raise more money
222

Index Investing

from the capital markets, they get high media exposure, bankers are
willing to extend credit, paper profits give them social standing,
investment bankers and brokers chase them, and they become ‘page
three’ regulars. This intoxication makes them glued to the stock price
and they are always looking at keeping the stock price high. The operator
handles the job. This operator can be an individual, a broker, or another
investment banker. The game is, again, high market capitalization.
Investors need to be wary of such high PE stocks in spite of all the
operators recommending the same. The technology boom had many
such stories, like the K10 stocks which eroded investor wealth
enormously. Every bull market has such manipulators, which we realize
only after the bust. For investors, it is important to understand that
some high market capitalization stocks command high PEs and investing
in them is a sure way of taking a hit on the returns.
10.4.4 Herding
Why do the above manipulations succeed? Investors are always aware
of such happenings but they invariably fall prey to them. It is the
tendency of investors to go with the popular thinking. It is like following
the herd. If everyone is doing something, even if it is wrong, it will
become right eventually. The solace is in numbers. This following creates
reflexivity in the stocks and they go up, reinforcing the reflexivity. It
becomes self-professing and investors start believing in the rise, thinking
it is for real. The initial profits make each one of them a salesman for
the stock and this creates a bigger herd chasing it. This is how, in a bull
market, the herd mentality creates a demand for a stock, which leads to
a surge in its market capitalization. The stock can thus enter the index.

10.5 WHAT IS INDEX INVESTING?
The most popular and the oldest index is the BSE Sensex, which is
regarded as the barometer of the Indian stock market. It is a basket of
30 stocks representing various sectors, on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
These companies account for around one-fifth of the market
capitalization of the BSE. The Sensex is calculated on the basis of freefloat market capitalization, which is a globally-accepted method. Its base
value is 100 and the base year is 1978–79.
223

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

The guidelines for a stock to find its way into the Sensex are as follows.
• Listing History
The stock should have a listing history of at least three months at the
BSE. Exceptions may be considered if full market capitalization of a
newly-listed company ranks among the top 10 in the list of BSE stocks.
In case a company is listed as a result of a merger or demerger or
amalgamation, a minimum listing history is not required.
• Trading Frequency
The stock should have been traded on each and every trading day in
the last three months. Exceptions can be made for extreme reasons like
stock suspension.
• Fiscal Ranks
The stock should figure in the top 100 companies listed by final
rank. The final rank is arrived at by assigning 75% weightage to the
rank on the basis of three-month average full market capitalization and
25% weightage to the liquidity rank based on three-month average daily
turnover and three-month average impact cost.
• Market Capitalization Weightage
The weightage of each stock in the Sensex, based on three-month
average free-float market capitalization, should be at least 0.5% of the
index.
• Industry Representation
Stock selection would generally take into account a balanced
representation of the listed companies in the universe of BSE.
• Track Record
In the opinion of the Committee appointed by the stock exchange
for this, the company should have an acceptable track record.
On careful analysis of the above factors, we can see that market
capitalization has been given maximum importance. Market
capitalization is calculated by multiplying the number of shares issued
with the current market price of the stock. Thus, in bullish times there
are high chances of companies from the current hot sectors finding a
place in the index.
From the above list, the first and the foremost factor clearly states
that, even if the company is not listed for more than three months,
224

Index Investing

should its full market capitalization rank in the top 10 in BSE, the stock
shall be added to the index. The third point states that the stock should
be in the top 100 companies listed by final rank. To calculate the rank,
75% weightage is given to the average three-month market capitalization.
Finally, the three-month average free float market capitalization of the
stock should be 0.5% of the index. All these factors mean that larger the
market capitalization, the better the chances of finding a place in the
index. Quality of management, sustainability of business model, earnings
potential and growth, which usually are important factors when one
judges a company, do not play any significant part. This means a newly
listed, hyped-up company with an overvalued share price will find a
place in the index, while a well-managed, dividend-paying company
with a sustainable business model may not make it to the index if it
does not have a large enough market capitalization. Moreover, such
companies may be removed from the index if other large capitalization
company comes. This is what happened when Tata Power—a consistent
dividend-paying company, well-managed and with a sustainable business
model—was replaced by Reliance Communications, which had a huge
market capitalization but no track record. But telecommunications was
a hot sector. Companies in the currently favored sectors have an easy
chance to get in the Sensex. ‘Hot sector’ is generally a sector witnessing
rapid growth. For instance, during the IT boom, Satyam Computers
found itself in the Sensex at the cost of Tata Chemicals.
Index-based investing is merely investing in the stocks which form
the index. It includes buying or holding all the stocks in the index in
the same proportions as the index. It also requires buying a stock when
it is added to the index and selling it when it is removed. It is assumed
that the market forces aid creative destruction and so the index is
representative of dynamic firms only. It would be a good idea if such a
thing could be done. But we do not exist in efficient markets nor do
investors make rational decisions. It is because of the behavioral anomalies
of investors that we will never be able to distinguish between the
performers and the laggards beforehand. It will always be in hindsight.
To satisfy the demand and the appetite of big institutional investors,
the focus shifts to size and depth, that is, the liquidity in the stocks.
Qualitative standards give way to quantitative standards.
225

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

That is how index investing was born— yet another invention of the
financial markets.

10.6 WHY DO INVESTORS GO FOR INDEX INVESTING?
In behavioral finance, we have this concept of “heuristics”. It is the
shortcut the brain takes to process information. It does not process the
full information and this leads to certain biases. Or, in other words,
investors take their decisions by following a set line of thinking or a rule
of thumb. Index investing is also a heuristic.
Stock markets the world over are gaining prominence, and investing
has become a must for retail as well as institutional investors. Rightly
so, as equities have been rewarding investors very handsomely over the
last three years. Investing is a difficult game and there are a very few
seasoned investors in the world who have done exceedingly well in the
markets. One of them is the most admired Mr. Warren Buffet. It requires
not only intelligence but also the emotional strength to be a good
investor. Fortunately, Warren Buffet has both these traits.
Investing requires hard work and discipline. It is the nature of human
beings to go for short cuts. If stock investing is so difficult and there are
only a few successful investors is it possible to earn higher returns by
passively investing in to an index? I wish money-making was that simple.
But most of the institutional investors also believe in, as well as
practice, index investing. One reason for doing this is their suffering
from the availability bias. The available information on index investing
as a safe form of investing is so strong that they have started believing it
to be a fact. Why is it so? Because there is no benchmark to judge it
against.
Moreover, the big fund houses create this availability heuristic by
offering index funds with very low fees. Every fund house would have
an index fund and their advertising campaigns create a strong
information flow on the virtues of index investing. If everyone is talking
about it, it has to be good. Investors make decisions based on this most
recent recall value. Moreover, they also suffer from affect heuristic; they
rely on memory or instinct without a formal valuation analysis.
The most important lesson I have learned is that stock returns soar
when the price paid for a stock is much less than the built-in expectations
226

Index Investing

of the investors. In other words, neglected and out-of-favor companies
give better long-term returns than the hot favorites. Index investing is
again buying hot favorites.
How can investors be better off investing in the index? Let us see
what hard core evidence suggests.

10.7 EVIDENCE SUGGESTS THE CONTRARY
10.7.1 The Study
The study we conducted includes comparing the returns when a stock
is added to the index with the returns from the stock it replaced. It is
assumed that 100 shares of both these stocks are bought at the then
prevailing market prices and held until the incoming stock moves out
of the index. During the holding period, any dividend is reinvested in
the respective stocks and rights issues, if any, are subscribed to. The
return is calculated from the day the replacement takes place.
For instance, the first replacement in the Sensex was on 1st April
1982 when Zenith Ltd.—which had a larger market capitalization, being
in the steel sector, a very hot sector at the time—replaced Bharat Forge
Ltd. One hundred shares of each of these companies are bought at the
respective market prices. The yearly dividend is reinvested and rights
issues are subscribed. Over the next decade, the fortunes of the respective
industries and the companies changed. On 3rd August 1992, Bharat
Forge in turn replaced Zenith, as Zenith lost favor and its market
capitalization suffered. The returns of Bharat Forge from 1982 to 1992
are 50.5%, and returns from Zenith over the same period are 9.8%.
This means that if you had bought 100 shares of Bharat Forge at Rs.28.50
per share on 1st April 1982, you would have 740 shares at Rs. 240 per
share on 3rd August 1992, after adjusting for dividends, bonus and rights
issues. Investment of Rs. 2,850 in Bharat Forge has grown to Rs.
1,77,600 in 10 years. At the same time, 100 share of Zenith have grown
to 354 shares, and the price per share dropped from Rs. 45 to Rs. 33.50
during the same period (Table 10.1).

227

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance
Table 10.1 Comparison of Returns from Bharat Forge and Zenith Ltd.

Bharat Forge Ltd.
Date

Number
of
Shares

Share

Total
Investment

01 April
1982

100

28.5

2,850

100

45

4,500

03 August
1992

740

240

1,77,600

354

33.5

11,859

Returns (%)

Price
per

Zenith Ltd.

50.5%

Number Price
of
per
Shares Share

Total
Investment

9.8%

In 1986, Peico (Philips India), Voltas, Premier Auto and GE Shipping
replaced Asian Cables, Bombay Burmah, Crompton Greaves and
Scindia, respectively. Peico, Voltas and Premier Auto remained in the
index till 1996. A comparative analysis of these three companies vis-àvis Asian Cables, Bombay Burmah and Crompton Greaves shows that
Peico and Asian Cables have given returns of 5.20% and -3.13%,
respectively; Voltas and Bombay Burmah gave 12.83% and 26.24%,
respectively; and Premier Auto and Crompton Greaves gave 9.23% and
33.1%, respectively. GE Shipping moved out in 1998 and its return
for 12 years was 22.84%, against 10.58% for Scindia. Peico has
outperformed the outgoing Asian Cables by a thin margin. However,
GE Shipping (the newcomer) did exceedingly well over the replaced
Scindia. The outgoing stocks—Bombay Burmah and Crompton
Greaves—did much better than the incoming stocks—Voltas and
Premier Auto.
The year 1996 witnessed the maximum number of replacements in
the Index, with 15 companies being replaced in that year. Bharat Forge,
which came back in the index in 1992, replacing Zenith Ltd., was out
in 1996, making way for Bajaj Auto. In 1996, with a market price of
Rs. 972.50 and paid-up capital of Rs.79.59 crores, Bajaj Auto’s market
capitalization stood at Rs. 7,740 crores, compared to a market
capitalization of Rs. 482 crores for Bharat Forge. The market
capitalization factor got Bajaj Auto in the index. However, an investor
who is guided by the conventional thinking that entrants to the index
are better companies, would have sold Bharat Forge and bought Bajaj
228

Index Investing

Auto. In so doing, he would have lost out on his returns. Bajaj Auto
continued to be in the index till 31 December 2005. In this ten-year
period, Bharat Forge returned 38.87% whereas Bajaj Auto returned a
measly 15.20%; that is, less than half of Bharat Forge.
Bombay Dyeing was replaced by BHEL. Bombay Dyeing returned
13.16% as against 28.19% for BHEL. Textiles was a dying industry,
and BHEL was a PSU with a strong engineering presence in the market.
Similarly, BSES (now Reliance Energy), a company representing the
promising new power sector, replaced Ceat Tyres to return 15.85%, as
compared to 2.54% returns from the outgoing stocks, Ceat.
Fundamentals played their part in both these scenarios.
From Table 10.2, it is seen that, out of 15 replacements in 1996, six
outgoingstocks have outperformed the incoming stocks with a success
rate of 40%.
Table 10.2 Comparative Performance of Outgoing and
Incoming Stocks in 1996

Date of
Replacement

Remained
till

Outgoing Returns of
Stocks
Outgoing
Stocks (%)

Incoming Returns of
Stocks
Incoming
Stocks (%)

19-08-1996

30-12-2005

Peico,
Philips

2.34

Ranbaxy
Lab

17.2

19-08-1996

16-11-1998

Ballarpur
Industries

-41.98

Arvind
Mills

-41.23

19-08-1996

30-12-2005

Bharat
Forge

38.87

Bajaj Auto

15.2

19-08-1996

30-12-2005

Bombay
Dyeing

13.16

BHEL

28.19

19-08-1996

10-04-2000

Voltas

36.96

Tata
Chemicals

-26.71

19-08-1996

30-12-2005

Ceat Ltd

2.54

BSES
(Reliance
Energy)

15.85

19-08-1996

10-11-2003

Century
Textiles

-5.23

Colgate

-5.58

19-08-1996

30-12-2005

Premier
Auto

-15.77

State Bank
of India

16.37

(Contd.)
229

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance
Table 10.2 (Contd.)

Date of
Replacement

Remained
till

Outgoing Returns of
Stocks
Outgoing
Stocks (%)

Incoming Returns of
Stocks
Incoming
Stocks (%)

19-08-1996

30-12-2005

GSFC

4.04

Guj.
Ambuja
Cement

18.67

19-08-1996

06-06-2005 Hindustan
Motors

17.51

HPCL

-23.12

19-08-1996

31-05-2002

Indian
Organics

10.87

ICICI
Bank Ltd

20.37

19-08-1996

10-04-2000

Indian
Rayon

-30.91

IDBI Bank

-19.36

19-08-1996

16-11-1998

Kirloskar
Cummins

-10.66

IPCL

-29.09

19-08-1996

27-09-2004

Mukund

-30.33

MTNL

-2.24

19-08-1996

16-11-1998

Siemens

-39.84

SAIL

-47.71

In the late 1990s, IT stocks were hot favorites of the market. Any
company with a “tech” or a “dot com” attached to its name caught the
attention of the masses. Many IT stocks started replacing old economy
stocks in the index. The weightage of IT stocks in the index reached a
high of over 25% during that time.
In 2000, Tata Chemicals, an old economy company, was replaced
by Satyam Computers. Satyam remained in the index until December
2005. Tata Chemicals was trading at Rs.53.35 per share and Satyam at
Rs.3,907.35 the day it entered the index. Had one bought 100 shares
of each company and held on till 31 December 2005, one would be
holding 160 shares of Tata Chemicals and 527 shares of Satyam.
Table 10.3 Comparison of Returns from Tata Chemicals and Satyam
TATA Chemicals

Date

10 April
2000

Number Price
of
per
Shares Share
100

53.35

Satyam

Total Number Price
Investof
per
ment
Shares Share
5335

100

Total
Investment

3907.35 390735

(Contd.)
230

Index Investing
Table 10.3 (Contd.)
TATA Chemicals

Date

31 December
2005

Satyam

Number Price
of
per
Shares Share
160 234.65

Total Number Price
Investof
per
ment
Shares Share
37492.12 527
737.8

31.47

-0.10

Returns
(%)

Total
Investment
388517

Satyam’s returns have been abysmally low, despite a five-fold increase
in the number of shares, from 100 to 527 shares. Returns suffered
because Satyam was a hyped stock and people paid a higher price for it
on that account.
Dr Reddy, Zee Telefilms, Hero Honda, ONGC and Maruti Udyog
were hot stocks when they entered the index. Table 10.4 tells the story.
Table 10.4

Comparison of Returns between Stocks that Exited and
Entered the Index

Date of

Remained

Replace-

till

Outgoing Returns of

Incoming

Returns of

Stocks

Stocks

Incoming

Outgoing

ment
10-04-2000 30-12-2005

Stocks (%)
IBDI

Stocks (%)

35.14

Dr. Reddy

3.79

10-04-2000 06-06-2005 Tata Power

46.57

Zee Telefilms

-30.18

07-01-2002 30-12-2005

123.78

Hero Honda

37.43

M&M

Motors
10-11-2003 30-12-2005 Glaxo India

173.96

ONGC

37.28

19-05-2004 30-12-2005

147.75

Maruti
Udyog Ltd.

21.86

L&T

It is interesting to note that, out of the above five replacements three
outgoing stocks have returned in excess of 100%—way above returns
from the incoming stocks. These three stocks, viz., M&M, Glaxo and
L&T were, undoubtedly, dark horses. I do not doubt the fundamentals
231

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

of Hero Honda, ONGC and Maruti; but their returns are insignificant
when compared to the outgoing firms. Their returns took a beating
because investors paid a high price for them, as they were considered
hot stocks. As against this, the outgoing stocks lost favor with the markets
and, thus, lost value. But their business models were unchanged, and
the market thus offered an opportunity to buy good businesses at a
good price. Investors who bought these stocks earned phenomenal
returns because they bought good businesses at a bargain price. The
returns of IDBI and Tata Power are also phenomenal when compared
to the incoming stocks, Dr Reddy and Zee Telefilms.
Table 10.5 shows all the replacements in the BSE Sensex from 1979,
along with the returns up to 2005.
10.7.2 BSE Sensex
There were 42 replacements in the BSE Sensex from 1979 to 2005.
Out of these, 21 laggard stocks have outperformed the replaced stocks,
thus giving a success rate of 50%. The Sensex, which follows free float
market capitalization, a globally recognized practice, has not aided the
concept of creative destruction for which it is meant. Investors who
blindly follow this strategy need to rethink.
10.7.3 A Second Study
We went a step further in our analysis to find the strengths and
weaknesses of index investing, and conducted another study.
1. Make a portfolio of laggard and replaced stocks
2. When a stock is moved out, it enters the laggard portfolio and
the new stock enters the replaced stock portfolio
3. Invest Rs.10,000 in each of the laggard and the replaced stock
portfolios on the date of shake-up, and hold the investment until
31 December 2005. In cases where a company is delisted before
31 December 2005, the returns are calculated as on the last day
of trading for making that comparison.
4. Calculate the respective returns up to 31 December 2005, and
find the total value of the portfolio.
232

Outgoing
Stocks

Bharat Forge
Asian Cables
Bombay Burmah
Crompton Greaves
SCI India
Zenith
Peico, Philips
Ballarpur Industries
Bharat Forge
Bombay Dyeing
Voltas
Ceat Ltd

Date of
Replacement

01-04-1982
01-01-1986
01-01-1986

01-01-1986
01-01-1986
03-08-1992
19-08-1996
19-08-1996

19-08-1996

233

19-08-1996

19-08-1996

19-08-1996

1594
1918
12420
19016

-8.77
-11.58
2.34
7.1

2.54

36.96

13.16

38.87

12649

190486.72

31848

216881

643763

23.14

29.93
2.95
17.19

Value
Realized
in 2005
(Rs.)
5037727
19891
238989

Returns of
Laggards
(%)

BSES

Tata Chemicals

BHEL

Bajaj Auto

GE Shipping
Bharat Forge
Ranbaxy Lab
Arvind Mills

Premier Auto

Zenith Ltd
Peico, Philips
Voltas

Replaced
Stocks

Table 10.5 Returns from Rs.10,000 Invested in Outgoing and Incoming Sensex Stocks

15.85

9.12

28.19

15.2

26.58
24.07
17.2
4.39

3.45

Returns of
Replaced
Stocks
(%)
2.2
3.47
23.55

(Contd.)

39691

22654

102465

37653

1117232
180582
44243
14957

19712

Value
Realized
in 2005
(Rs.)
16772
19788
688034

Index Investing

Outgoing
Stocks

Century Textiles
Premier Auto
GSFC
Hindustan Motors
Indian Organics
Indian Rayon
Kirloskar Cummins
Mukund
Siemens
Arvind Mills
IPCL
GE 50. Shipping
SAIL

Date of
Replacement

19-08-1996

19-08-1996

19-08-1996

19-08-1996

19-08-1996

19-08-1996

19-08-1996

19-08-1996

19-08-1996

16-11-1998

16-11-1998

16-11-1998

16-11-1998

Table 10.5 (Contd.)

234
40.64

50.27

26.94

23.21

24.23

9.97

10.49

14.07

18.06

14.57

8.6

-0.92

7.35

Returns of
Laggards
(%)

113612

182136

54732

44253

76364

24363

25464

34331

47379

35767

21663

9170

19436

Value
Realized
in 2005
(Rs.)

Novartis

Infosys Technologies

NIIT

Castrol

SAIL

MTNL

IPCL

IDBI Bank

ICICI Bank Ltd

HPCL

Guj. Ambuja Cement

State Bank of India

Colgate

Replaced
Stocks

6.81

53.5

-13.16

1.21

9.43

-0.13

10.59

10.48

22.54

9.36

18.67

16.37

3.91

Returns of
Replaced
Stocks
(%)

(Contd.)

15991

211940

3658

10894

23264

9878

25680

25442

67166

23125

49723

41392

14324

Value
Realized
in 2005
(Rs.)

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

Outgoing
Stocks

Tata Chemicals
Indian Hotels
IDBI
Tata Power
Novartis
NIIT
M&M
Reliance Petroleum
Castrol
Colgate
Glaxo India
HCL Technologies
Nestle Ltd.

Date of
Replacement

10-04-2000

10-04-2000

10-04-2000

10-04-2000

08-01-2001

07-01-2002

07-01-2002

10-08-2002

10-11-2003

10-11-2003

10-11-2003

10-11-2003

10-11-2003

Table 10.5 (Contd.)

235
31

52

173.96

42.73

-21.11

51.25

123.78

4.71

5.86

44.48

35.14

32.14

31.47

Returns of
Laggards
(%)

17820

24496

86403

21410

6020

37971

246931

12010

13277

82236

56088

49332

47907

Value
Realized
in 2005
(Rs.)

Wipro Ltd.

Tata Power

ONGC

HDFC Ltd.

Bharti Televentures

HDFC Ltd.

Hero Honda Motors

HCL Technologies

Cipla Ltd.

Zee Telefilms

Dr. Reddy

Reliance Petroleum

Satyam Computers

Replaced
Stocks

38.5

29.49

37.28

48.27

93.65

56.69

37.43

18.34

15.95

-27.01

3.79

5.92

-0.1

Returns of
Replaced
Stocks
(%)

(Contd.)

20075

17384

19698

23227

41128

42554

35455

19548

20890

1648

12373

13900

9942

Value
Realized
in 2005
(Rs.)

Index Investing

L&T
MTNL
HPCL

Zee Telefilms

19-04-2004

27-09-2004

06-06-2005

06-06-2005

Total

Outgoing
Stocks

Date of
Replacement

Table 10.5 (Contd.)

-9.83

15.55

14.46

147.75

Returns of
Laggards
(%)

78,91,232

9430

10854

11851

43340

Value
Realized
in 2005
(Rs.)

TCS

NTPC

L&T

Maruti Udyog Ltd.

Replaced
Stocks

66.57

63.87

84.5

21.86

Returns of
Replaced
Stocks
(%)

31,66,054

13355

13232

21602

13765

Value
Realized
in 2005
(Rs.)

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

236

Index Investing

It can be seen that, of the 42 replacements, 21 laggards have outperformed the incoming stocks and vice versa, giving a success rate of
50%. In the laggard portfolio, however, an investment of Rs.4,20,000
has grown to Rs. 78,91,232, whereas, in the replaced stocks portfolio a
similar investment of Rs. 4,20,000 has grown to just Rs. 31,66,054.
This is a phenomenal difference.
When a stock is announced to be a new entrant to the Sensex, it
attracts investors and its price starts going up. There are some institutional
investors who start rebalancing their portfolios to mirror the index. Thus,
they sell outgoing stocks and buy the incoming ones. As the
announcement about the replacement is made in advance by the stock
exchanges, there is a lot of activity in the counters prior to stocks entering
or exiting the index. Outgoing stocks are subject to unfavorable reaction
from the investors, whereas the incoming stocks gain in value as they
are sought by investors. These incoming stocks enter the index at a
much higher valuation and, having a weightage in the index, the index
also goes up. You thus pay a higher price for the stock when it enters the
index, and at the same time, if you buy the index, you end up paying a
higher price for it. When one pays a higher price one’s returns always
suffer in the long run. This is also evident from the above portfolios of
the laggards and the newcomers (Table 10.5).
Although there is a 50% success rate, the returns from the laggards
are phenomenally high as compared to the newcomers. These higher
returns are a function of capitalizing on crowd psychology.
10.7.4 NSE Nifty
Startled by the above revelation, we applied the same process for
examining the replacements made in Nifty. Table 10.6 shows the results
that can be expected by investing Rs.10,000 in each of the stocks involved
in the transfer, and staying invested until December 31, 2005. In some
cases, where a stock has been delisted before December 31, 2005, the
returns for that set of shake-ups has been calculated as on the last day of
trading for the delisted stock.
From Table 10.6 we can see that, in 22 out of 35 instances, the
laggards have generated better annualized returns than their
237

APOLLO TYRE
INDAL
CHAMBAL FERT
HERO HONDA
MADRAS REFN
NAGAR FERT
DR REDDY
ESSAR GUJ
ANDRA VALLY
THERMAX
ASHOK LEY
MRPL

18-Sep-96

18-Sep-96

18-Sep-96

18-Sep-96

18-Sep-96

14-May-97

24-Dec-97

07-Oct-98

07-Oct-98

07-Oct-98

07-Oct-98

Laggard

18-Sep-96

Date of
Replacement

238
-1

189

246

-2

21

94

5

56

451

28

1

19

Returns of
Laggard
Stocks
(%)

9,468

1,46,566

1,88,124

8,904

26,688

91,571

14,410

62,311

4,29,329

35,820

10,380

28,096

Value
Realized
in 2005
(Rs.)

P&G

HERO HONDA

BANK INDIA

CIPLA

BPCL

HIND PETRO

NESTLE

M&M

ASIAN PAINT

ABB

GLAXO

EI HOTEL

Replaced
Stocks

Table 10.6 Returns from Rs.10,000 Invested in Outgoing and Incoming Nifty Stocks

17%

111%

89%

32%

22%

7%

41%

26%

34%

24%

20%

7%

Returns of
Replaced
Stocks

(Contd.)

22,299

90,008

74,661

33,337

27,842

16,400

47,941

33,733

41,796

32,095

24,678

16,115

Value
Realized
in 2005
(Rs.)

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

BPCL
ARVIND MILLS
GE SHIPPING
REL CAPITAL
IFCI
IND RAYON
EI HOTEL
IDBI
BANK OF INDIA
HCL-INSYS
COCHIN REFN
RECK COLMAN
ASIAN PAINT

26-May-99

26-May-99

26-May-99

08-Sep-99

08-Sep-99

24-May-00

24-May-00

01-Sep-00

17-Jan-02

17-Jan-02

25-Jan-02

28-Oct-02

Laggard

07-Oct-98

Date of
Replacement

Table 10.6 (Contd.)

239
110

15

198

317

106

75

85

142

-3

13

237

29

54

Returns of
Laggard
Stocks
(%)

44,941

15,805

88,409

135424

66,667

51,837

57,708

99,453

8,395

14,848

1,66,820

28,912

48,913

Value
Realized
in 2005
(Rs.)

HCL TECH

ICICI BANK

WIPRO

SUN PHARMA

DIGITAL EQP

ZEE TELE

HCL-INSYS

SATYAM COMP

BRITANNIA

RECK COLMAN

NOVARTIS

DR REDDY

INFOSYS TECH

Replaced
Stocks

83%

132%

15%

82%

9%

-9%

65%

51%

7%

-14%

-4%

20%

263%

Returns of
Replaced
Stocks

(Contd.)

36,423

62,072

15,979

42394

14,777

4,759

46,196

42,015

14,283

5,277

7,634

23,472

2,00,520

Value
Realized
in 2005
(Rs.)

Index Investing

240

NOVARTIND
CASTROL
NESTLE
GSKCONS
NIIT
L&T
BRITANNIA
IND HOTEL
COLGATE

02-May-03

02-May-03

04-Aug-03

01-Mar-04

01-Mar-04

24-May-04

10-Dec-04

25-Feb-05

26-Sep-05

Total

P&G

Laggard

28-Oct-02

Date of
Replacement

Table 10.6 (Contd.)

37

83

67

196

-1

66

28

14

64

100

Returns of
Laggard
Stocks
(%)

20,97,533

10,962

16,999

17,094

41,475

9,822

22,131

16,852

13,624

27,124

41,650

Value
Realized
in 2005
(Rs.)

JET AIRWAYS

TCS

L&T

PNB

MARUTI

BHARTI

SAIL

NATIONAL UM

GAIL

BPCL

Replaced
Stocks

10%

30%

111%

45%

24%

61%

52%

71%

86%

51%

Returns of
Replaced
Stocks

11,84,641

10,257

12,581

21,707

17,255

14,361

21,216

22,453

29,014

32,877

26,218

Value
Realized
in 2005
(Rs.)

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

Index Investing

replacements. In terms of total portfolio size, the laggards portfolio has
turned Rs. 3,50,000 invested in 35 stocks, which were taken out of the
index, into Rs. 20,97,533. On the other hand, the Rs. 3,50,000 invested
in the 35 stocks that were introduced into the NSE Nifty, only managed
to convert Rs. 3,50,000 into Rs. 11,84,641—a huge difference of
Rs. 9,12,892.
The above study highlights the fact that an investor is bound to lose
out on his returns when he is chasing a fancy. Chasing the index is akin
to buying what others are buying, and ending up paying a higher price.
Successful investing is all about buying what others are selling and selling
what others are buying. In so doing one gets a better selling price and
one purchases at a bargain price. Simply put, it generates healthy returns.
You may call it contrarian investing or value investing.

10.8 LESSONS FOR INVESTORS
10.8.1 Avoid the Bait
Fund houses and their asset management companies come out with
index funds and tempt the investors with lower fees. I wish life were so
simple that you just pick up a basket of stocks and then just wait for the
market to go on rewarding you. The goal of fund houses is to garner as
much as money as possible. It is all about huge assets under management
and the fees they can charge on it. Moreover, for them there is no
benchmark to judge their performance. The index is representative of
the market, and if the market goes down, so will the index. There is
authority without responsibility. We are in a competitive world and
this form of passive investing is definitely an idea whose time has gone.
But its marketability is very strong because it is a very good and an
effective way to exploit the behavioral bias of loss-aversion amongst
investors.
Lower fees should not be the attraction to buy into index funds. Do
we choose our doctor depending on the fees he charges? Definitely no.
Our health is more important than his fees. Similarly, our wealth and
its growth are more important than the measly fees we try to save.
241

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

10.8.2 Availability Bias
All the available information on index investing is so positive that
investors assume it to be right. In the absence of a benchmark, we do
not know whether index investing has worked or not. Moreover, the
stock markets have been volatile and speculators have made and lost
fortunes. They lost, not because equity as an investing class is bad, but
they lost due to their greed and irrational behavior. This information is
so vivid amongst investors as every bull and bear market has these
examples. Investing and making returns is all about the price one pays
for the value one receives.
10.8.3 Be Courageous
It just requires a little courage to go against the crowd and act in a
contrarian way. Over time, it becomes a habit as one’s self-esteem and
confidence grow. Evidence has shown that going against the popular
thinking pays in the long run. Have the courage to act on this approach.
There are a lot of irrational people around willing to give you good
opportunities in the market. Bide your time and you will be successful.
10.8.4 Do Your Own De-indexing
Investing is all about buying a stock with least investor expectations.
You find such stocks when they go out of the index. We have shown
you the evidence that such stocks do better for investor returns in the
long run. Do a little homework and choose such good stocks that are
moving out of the index. Or, if you do not want to do that, just buy the
stocks moved out of the index and make your portfolio. We have shown
how the laggards have performed. Evidence is with you. You need the
courage to go against the herd. That is the test of investing success.
Your courage needs to be borne out of your conviction.

10.9 CONCLUSION
Knowledge is something that changes by the end of the week. It is the
trends that tell us a lot. Trends matter the most as they help us to know
the direction and give us evidence. This is what we have done in the
above studies.
242

Index Investing

Index investing is in no way better than active investing. On the
contrary, looking at the difference in the returns between the laggards
and the replaced stock portfolios it is safe to conclude that following the
contrarian path in indexing works better. Call it “De-Indexing” if you like.
Ultimately, investor returns are a function of the price you pay for a
stock that has the least inbuilt investor expectations. The ability to control
your emotions and resist the pull of the crowd is your way to become a
successful investor. Are you able to challenge the popular thinking? Go
ahead. It is like taking the road least traveled. It is only after years of
perseverance that you will know that it made all the difference.

243

ELEVEN
11

BUBBLE TRAP

11.1 Anatomy of Financial Crisis
11.2 How is a Bubble Formed?
11.3 Human Behavioral Anomalies
11.4 How Does One Identify a Bubble?
11.5 Lessons for Investors
11.6 Why Do Past Bubbles Not Guide us?
11.7 Conclusion

Bubble Trap

11.1 ANATOMY OF FINANCIAL CRISIS
About a century and a half ago, the philosopher, Santayana observed
that those who do not learn from history are condemned to repeat it.
Speculative excesses, referred to concisely as bubble or mania, and
contraction from such excesses in the form of crash, crisis or panic, can
be shown as, if not inevitable, at
Excessive optimism and
least historically common. It
overconfidence are the
appears that the financial
main causes of bubbles.
community as a whole does not
seem to learn from the previous
mistakes and continues to repeat these mistakes, in different forms,
leading to the same painful end—financial crisis. The reason for this
infrequent spurt of irrationality exhibited by otherwise rationally-acting
crowds, will be discussed in this chapter.
The word ‘bubble’ is used to connote a situation where people have
lost touch with reality. In an economic sense, where it is assumed that
participants strive towards their economic well-being and act as rational
beings, is it appropriate to pronounce that a crowd, the sum of its
individuals, can infrequently but inevitably lead to mass hysteria? If
history is any guide, then mass hysteria, running contrary to economic
belief, is real and not a myth. The IT bubble from the end of the last
century and the more recent real estate and infrastructure bubbles provide
interesting examples for our purpose.
In the light of evidence supporting the prevalence of manias in the
financial world, it would be useful to understand the factors that lead to
such a state of mass hysteria.
Excessive optimism and overconfidence are the main causes of bubbles.
In such times, it is important that investors avoid getting into the bubble
trap. There could be a bubble-like situation in the whole market, or
there could be one in a sector as we witnessed in the internet bubble
during 1999–2000. There could be a bubble in a particular stock. This
could be due to the sector doing well as we saw in the case of the power
and real estate sectors boom, where we saw stocks of Reliance Energy
and India Bulls Real Estate hitting the roof. A bubble in a particular
stock could also be due to some operator rigging, as we saw in the stock
of Mazda Leasing during the Harshad Mehta boom in 1992–1993.
247

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

Investors need to avoid this bubble trap, and to do so, they need to
understand what it takes to make a bubble. What sort of environment
is conducive for bubble formation?

11.2 HOW IS A BUBBLE FORMED?
A bubble can only be formed when there are many greedy investors
who are willing to allow someone to exploit their greed. This crowd
goes on increasing in size, as other greedy investors join the bandwagon
out of envy. This has a snowballing effect, leading to creation of an
illusion in the form of a bubble.
11.2.1 Rational Individual vs. Crowd Psychology
One of the most important factors leading rational individuals, on being
part of the crowd, to mass hysteria is that the underlying reason for the
start of the optimistic wave is
Investing is all about
always a valid one. For example,
earning a reasonable rate
the notion that proliferation of
of return on one’s
internet and IT products is going
investment and that
to change the way businesses
cannot happen if the
operate was a valid one. Just that
company does not make
“any good idea taken too far leads
profits.
to bad result” was in play here.
Similarly, the India growth story is here to stay and there will be a
continuing demand for building infrastructure. Growth would help the
real estate sector, and the increase in disposable incomes would lead to
a spurt in demand for a host of other industries. The stock markets have
a tendency to extrapolate a good idea too far, and this result in excesses.
In essence, manias are not castles entirely built on air, but have
foundations (to make participants confident of better expectations and
prospects from the future) upon which, instead of the initial capacity to
support a 10-storey building, people in their optimism, bred on ignorance
and the belief that ‘trend is destiny’, end up constructing a 20-storey
building, leading to a weaker foundation for the whole structure which,
sooner or later, succumbs under its own weight.
So, individuals who have every reason to be upbeat about the prospects
and act as totally rational individuals, lose their composure as the
248

Bubble Trap

outcomes of initial participants validate the assumption. This triggers
the cycle of speculation from seeking consistent interest rates on capital,
as in an investment, to going after additional gains in the form of capital
appreciation.
Every new bubble has a new
story justifying how this
time this is very different
from the past bubble.
However, the excesses are
the same.

11.2.2 Bandwagon Effect

In the present context, after the
initial hypothesis, of a shift in
expectation is validated by a spurt
in valuation, a whole new set of
individuals is attracted towards the
investment avenue. These investors might not be able to experience the
same sort of success as the previous ones; but their success, relatively
better than other opportunities, still validates the original hypothesis
and attracts a new set of individuals, who are also drawn by envy of the
success of their counterparts.
But with every new participant visiting the market place to reap the
benefits from a finite source of wealth creation (which is what enterprises
can do), the benefits flowing towards the incoming participant decreases.
This is where the foundation of optimism deviates from economic reality
to a point where optimism surrounds the objects of speculation; i.e.,
land, stocks, IPOs, junk bonds, etc. and becomes a self-sustaining
mechanism until it eventually explodes.
11.2.3 Change in Sentiment
Sentiment plays an important role in the formation of a bubble. Along
with sentiment, perception also changes. This new scenario is then
extrapolated too much into the future. A change in the economic growth
of a country, a change in the outlook of a sector, or a change in the
fortunes of a company can be extrapolated to such an extent that
irrational projections are expected to be real and excesses are committed
based on these expectations.
The media play a very important role in the formation of a bubble.
Through the media, information, rumors and stories make their way to
the people. The media’s job is to make all the current hot information
available to the investors. Hence, when the economy is showing signs
249

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

of improving, the media are quick to report it. Since that happens to be
the recent hot topic, the media allocate a lot of time slot for such news.
This is in the form of interviews with leading experts in the field,
government officials, stock market experts’ comments on the same, talk
shows, round table discussions, and so on. The same procedure follows
when there is an upswing in a sector or some great changes in the fortunes
of a company. The current topics are so highlighted that they become
the fads and fancies of the market. This, again, creates a larger following
and leads to a bubble-like situation, with investor expectations running
high. Stock market news dominates the TV channels 24 hours a day,
and news providers become stock market advisors. Special shows and
interviews with experts and analysts lure investors’ eyeballs. An increase
in advertisement demand further increases the frequency of such stock
market programs, which in turn leads to
The world over, stock
more stock market tips and analysis.
markets are the
The lure of quick money invites more
barometer of the
players to the market. Greed dominates
financial health of a
and each one wants a piece of the pie
country.
faster than the neighbor. This results in
the prices of stocks going up, as there are more buyers than sellers.
Greedy management looks at such opportunities to capitalize on the
greed of the investors. Great expansion plans are laid out and huge
resources get mobilized from the investors on the promise of making
huge returns. IPOs hit the markets to take advantage of investor greed.
These come with optimistic projections and thus dreams are sold to the
investors. Greed again drives investor appetite for such offerings.
The markets need a pied piper to draw this huge crowd of investors.
Such pied pipers come in the form of unscrupulous management,
investment bankers, operators, brokers who weave vivid stories of growth
and profit-making opportunities. They sell dreams of growth stocks,
which cannot be valued by traditional valuation models. Investors chase
such opportunities and, eventually, end up paying crazy valuations for
such dream stocks.
Every government likes a bull market, as it is a sign of a growing
economy. So, when stock market bubbles are being built up, the
government is skeptical of pricking them, lest the sentiments turn
negative and affect stock prices. Since identifying a bubble is difficult,
250

Bubble Trap

the government’s decision-making on it is paralyzed. By doing nothing,
it encourages the bubble to be built up. Moreover, the feel-good factor
is too much of an incentive to do nothing to check the bubble.
11.2.4 Bubble-Building Process
Bubbles usually form after long periods of financial prosperity and
continuous flow of positive news.
When investments start
This usually starts with the news
of the economy doing well and the
yielding profits due to a
GDP growth figures showing an
surge in the stock prices,
upward trend. The year 2003
investors tend to relate the
marked the end of the long bear
success to their knowledge
market, when the BSE Sensex had
and ability.
touched a low of around 2,800,
as we entered a phase of good economic growth. The liberalization
process was bearing fruit. The economy was expanding quarter to quarter,
but there was subdued optimism. The stock markets started going up;
but, at every rise, investors sold. The memory of the long bearish market
was very strong. The investors were so loss-averse that they sold at every
rise. However, the economy was still growing, and the trend continued.
This gave confidence to the investors and money started pouring into
the stock markets. The trend turned bullish, as more and more investors
entered the markets, and the stock prices started spiraling. Economic
growth was a pointer to huge investments in infrastructure.
With the positives on the economy being strong, we also had certain
sectors benefitting from the improvement in the economy. Since the
focus was on building a strong infrastructure, sectors like construction,
power, engineering, and real estate attracted investor attention. These
sectors became the market fancy and investors started chasing companies
in these sectors. Investor expectations in these companies were so high
that they were willing to pay higher prices to own stocks. The PEs of
such companies started going up. However, since the demand was more
than the supply the high PEs did not matter to the investors.
Internationally, commodity prices started rising and this gave a fillip
to various commodity stocks in steel, aluminum, copper and cement.
This also created a commodities boom scenario and stocks in the
commodity sector started shooting up. This upward trend continued,
and stocks also sustained their upward trend.
251

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

Overall, the Sensex went up from around 2,800 in 2003 to around
21,000 on 8th January 2008. This sustained period of good economic
growth set the basis for investors’ high expectations from equities.
The Greater Fool Theory was at work. As the market rises and
investors get used to rising prices triggered by the recency effect, so does
the number of investors or speculators ready to invest in a stock or a
sector or anything for that matter, without considering the valuations
attached to those, with the view of flipping it to somebody else hoping
that the price will rise. This is akin to saying that I might be a fool in
walking away from the conservative style of investing, but I would still
make a profit, as a greater fool would emerge to buy off my stake at an
even higher price.
This is nowhere more applicable than in investing in IPOs, where
investors, in the later stages of a bull run, irrespective of the quality of
the issue, subscribe blindly in the hope that at listing somebody else
would be ready to buy off their stake at an even higher price. This cannot
and does not go on forever and, at the end, most of the people indulging
in such excesses bear the pain in the form of facing huge losses, wiping
out their profits.
High built-in expectations from the power, real estate and
infrastructure sectors led to certain stocks hitting record valuations. This
was the beginning of the making of a bubble.
It started with good news on the economy, the beneficiaries of the
good news were some sectors, and specific companies in these sectors
attracted so much attention from investors that they reached crazy
valuations.

11.3 HUMAN BEHAVIORAL ANOMALIES
Bubbles are formed due to irrational human behavior. History has shown
that, when there is euphoria, people become irrational, and their decisions
are more emotional than rational and practical. Remember the tulip
mania: people were willing to pay ridiculous prices for tulip bulbs just
because there was a fancy for owning these bulbs. People lost fortunes
during this crazy phase. Such manias have existed in the world from
time immemorial; the only difference is that there are new players
repeating the same mistake. Stock markets are known for such bubbles.
252

Bubble Trap

Since these bubbles are due to irrational behavior, it makes sense for
us to understand the various behavioral traps during a bubble phase.
Understanding one’s behavioral weakness is incomplete without
understanding the behavioral deficiencies in the market and the
environment. Various heuristics and behavioral anomalies affect decisionmaking in the markets. Understanding these is the key to becoming a
successful investor. Control over one’s emotions and understanding
others’ emotional behavior makes one a successful investor. Let us
examine these in detail.
11.3.1 Availability Heuristic
People tend to make decisions based on recent events, which are vivid
in their minds. When certain types of information hit you on a regular
basis, you tend to be swayed by such information. Your decision-making
process gets guided by this recently and regularly available information.
Media plays a very important role in the creation of a bubble. They
are the vehicles for spreading ideas. These ideas may be in the form of
the robustness of the economy, the huge investment flows from foreign
institutional investors, the new hot emerging sectors, the new 10-bagger
stocks, the new operator driven stocks, and so on.
In times of optimism in the markets, there is a lot of investor interest
regarding company news, new offerings, new investment tips, etc.
Companies see bullish markets as an opportune time to tap the capital
markets. Advertisements highlighting their achievements find their way
to the crowd through media. TV shows talk about the next hot sector
and analysts appear on shows recommending their stock picks. The
people keenly follow all information on the markets and they make
decisions based on the information they get from the media. The media
talk about the recent appreciating stocks and give data about their
appreciation. Since such stocks are the movers due to their abnormal
price behavior they become popular with the media. Investors start
chasing such stocks in the belief that they are good investments.
Bullish conditions provide positive news on the economy, the stock
markets and stock investments. The media are the vehicle to promote
this news.
253

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

11.3.2 Excessive Optimism
In good times, people become excessively optimistic about the future.
They believe that good times are permanent and refuse to see the darker
side. They become more adventurous and tend to take more risks. Little
success is assumed to be the stepping-stone to bigger success. All caution
is thrown to the winds and people become reckless.
Investors become so optimistic that they tend to invest in any stocks
in the hope that they will make money. Success in a couple of such
stocks would make them optimistic about other stocks.
In times of excessive optimism, companies become very aggressive
and come out with huge ambitious plans requiring huge capital outlays.
They borrow excessively and approach the capital markets for funding.
Excessively optimistic investors are always ready to take part in the action.
The initial public offering of “Reliance Power Limited”(RPL) is a classic
example of what excessively optimistic promoters and investors can do.
It is important to understand that nothing is permanent in life. Being
equanimous is the key to success.
11.3.3 Overconfidence
Excessive optimism leads to the overconfidence. There is overconfidence
in the knowledge and ability of oneself.
When one is fed with so much of information through the media,
one tends to become overconfident of one’s knowledge. However, more
information is not knowledge. On the contrary, it can lead to information
overload and confusion. Knowledge about a company is very different
from information on a stock of a company. However investors tend to
relate one with the other. We have seen in the markets that stock prices
do not move in tandem with the fundamentals of a company.
Overconfidence in one’s ability arises from one’s success in investing.
A string of a few successes in stocks, due to the general improvement in
the stock market sentiment and a bit of luck, makes people overconfident
of their ability. From 2003 onwards we have seen such a bull run that
everyone who entered the stock markets has made money. However,
this success is not related to one’s ability alone.
When the sentiment changes and the tide turns, stock prices can just
collapse even if the fundamentals of the company have not changed.
254

Bubble Trap

Being overconfident of one’s knowledge and ability could lead one to
make financial blunders, especially in a bubble phase.
11.3.4 Greed of Investors
No one can fool you if do not want to be fooled. It is up to you to fall
for a bait or not. We always believe that if anything happens to us the
problem is out there. In fact, we are the problem of all our misfortunes.
Greed plays a very important part in our financial well-being. If we are
greedy, then we provide ready material for someone to exploit our greed.
Control of greed is so very important in the stock markets.
Why do smart people make big money mistakes? It is because of
their greed. Let us visit the technology boom. So many stocks were
quoting at ridiculously high valuations. We even had stocks of companies
that did not have a business plan in place. But investors knowingly
went for such stocks in their hope and greed that there would be
something in it to make a fortune. That greed made people lose fortunes.
Why do companies try to raise resources from the market in bullish
times? Because investors are greedy and are willing to pay fancy prices
for such overpriced issues. Remember the plantations boom, the dot
com boom, and the latest infrastructure and power boom. Investors
have lost fortunes in the IPOs of such companies.
Your greed helps bankers to sell you loans at high interest rates to
buy cars, two-wheelers, consumer goods and even your holidays. If you
keep your needs under control and be disciplined it would be in your
own interest.
Your greed to make a big fast buck helps your broker to sell you
derivative products so that you can leverage yourself much more than
you can afford. With your greed, you exceed your capacity and, thus,
greed becomes your graveyard.
Your broker agrees to charge you wafer-thin commissions on your
trades. You start day-trading and the broker earns more than he did
when you were not a day-trader.
11.3.5 Representative Heuristic
Robust growth in the economy is representative of good times ahead
for businesses and companies. Their stock prices start rising. Higher
255

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

stock prices are representative of companies doing well and investors
tend to chase stocks and are willing to pay any price for them. From
2003 to 2008, India’s GDP grew from 6% to 9%, while the BSE Sensex
grew seven-fold, from 2,800 to 21,000. The stocks had a much faster
run than what the fundamentals of the economy justified. This is how
representative thinking works.
It also happens in sectors. The steep increase in the demand for steel
led to a change in the fortunes of the steel industry. Tata Steel comes
out with excellent results and the stock goes up. Subsequently, all the
stocks in the steel sector go up, irrespective of their performance.
Representative thinking makes investors chase these stocks, as they believe
that since they are representative of the steel industry they will also post
good results. The same representative thinking was repeated in the
infrastructure, power and real estate sectors, and we saw even mediocre
stocks becoming a fancy of the investors.
When a bubble is in the making, and if a concept or a sector is a
fancy, many companies enter the sector or change their names so as to
be representative of that sector or industry. This gets them investor
attention and the price of stock goes up. During the technology boom
we had so many companies that affixed the words ‘dot com’ to their
names and thereby attracted investor attention. These investors were
willing to pay fancy price for such companies, as they were considered
representative of the new emerging economy.
Reliance Energy had touched a high of Rs.2,700 in January 2008,
but was down to Rs.1,300 in March 2008, even after announcing a buy
back at Rs.1600. Representative thinking could change the perception
of investors towards the company so the management announced that
it was changing the name of Reliance Energy to Reliance Infrastructure.
Investors need to be aware of these traps of representative heuristic
because the media plays a very important role in highlighting such
representativeness.
11.3.6 Envy
It is a human tendency to talk about one’s successes rather than failures.
That is why you always hear about investors talking about how they
have made a fortune in the stock markets. They narrate tales of how
they had got into a stock at the lowest price and got out at the highest
256

Bubble Trap

price. And you wonder how you are not as smart as he is. This can lead
to envy and you try to buy what is hot in the market and indirectly
become a part of the bubble-building process. Envy is the worst sin in
the stock markets. Because you really do not know the facts. One could
be only telling you of one’s successes and not the failures. One could be
taking a huge position and you feel he is making a killing. But do you
know his price of acquisition? Do you know the amount of his leverage
and the interest outgo?
There is so much of misinformation flowing that one must not rely
on it. Again, the media plays a very big role. You hear analysts’ talk
shows, you have live roundtable conferences, successful investors, brokers
and investment bankers. Operators appear on various TV shows and
brag about how they made fortunes and start recommending stocks
and strategies. You feel left out and become envious of such success.
Greed overcomes you and you join the bandwagon. You help fuel the
bubble.
Having faith in your own conservative thinking and wisdom is your
path to investing success. Look for ‘silent evidence’. Sherlock Holmes,
in one of his famous stories, reasons that at the time of the murder,
since the dog was present in the house and had not barked around the
time the murder took place, the murderer must have been someone
known to the victim. The moral of the above anecdote lies in noting
how the detective looks for the hidden evidence rather than simply relying
on the evidence available at the scene of the crime. Similarly, before
investing in a company based on somebody else’s recommendation or
tip, or getting awed by someone’s wealth-creating prowess, or someone’s
jet, or a mansion, or a BMW or a Lexus, always consider looking for the
evidence that is discernible to any reasoning mind.
11.3.7 Endowment Effect
The value of a thing increases when it becomes a part of one’s possessions.
We tend to value more what we have than what others have. That is
why when we want to sell what we have, we tend to ask for a higher
price. When we go to buy, we are always looking at how cheaply we can
buy. This is how the endowment effect works. The value of a thing
increases when it becomes a part of one’s endowment.
257

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

You are recommended a stock by a friend, an analyst, a broker, a
fund manager or a financial advisor. The said stock is heavily tipped in
the market and has been appreciating fast. Before just plunging in,
ascertain if the endowment effect is at work. If all these people are
recommending and also owning the stock they believe the stock is good
because they own it. Endowment effect makes them salesmen for the
stock and hence the strong recommendation. This is how stocks become
a fancy and the bubble process gathers steam. Decide if you want to be
a part of the process or wisely sit aside until the bubble bursts.
After the budget speech of the Finance Minister, the TV channels
and the newspapers are busy interviewing a cross-section of people on
what they feel. Every one has his own agenda and his own endowment
effect guides his reaction to the budget. If a person happens to be an
investor and the short-term capital gains tax is increased he is a critic. If
sops are provided to pharmaceuticals, the industry applauds the budget.
You have different reactions coming to you, depending on the
endowment of the person interviewed. So, at the end, you really do not
know if the budget in totality is good for the country or not.
Thus, endowment effect leads to information you really do not care
about but you can get carried away.

11.4 HOW DOES ONE IDENTIFY A BUBBLE?
One identifies a bubble by observing the excesses created. When
abnormal and irrational things happen, they are noticeable; but selfdoubt questions our own intuition, leading to disbelief in our own selves.
We, thereby, allow the environment to control us. However, if we have
the courage to stand firm and trust our conventional wisdom we can
save ourselves from the bubble trap.
Therefore it is easy to identify a bubble. Look around and observe
the crazy things that are happening:
“This is the New Economy”
“This time it is different, this is the new world order”
“Profits don’t matter; it is the eyeballs that matter”
“Look at the value of the land bank the company has, it cannot go
wrong”
258

Bubble Trap

“Powering India, Reliance Power”
“High PE signifies high growth. In a growing economy high PE stocks
are the sure winners”
“In the long run we are all dead, so why invest for the long run?
Long-term investing is dead”
“You can’t go wrong on real estate stocks”
“With the growth story intact, buy infrastructure stocks. They are
still cheap. Conventional valuation models don’t work any more.”
These statements reflect insanity, especially when they are defying
conventional wisdom. These are over-optimistic statements devoid of
any rational thinking. The following guidelines would be suggestive of
a bubble.
11.4.1 High PEs Generally Expected with High Growth
PEs are the short-cuts to assessing the expensiveness or the cheapness of
a stock. However, when the market as a whole is willing to justify
investments in high PE stocks based on the illusionary growth
projections, it is a sign of caution. During a bubble, high PE stocks
become the most chased after. Investors compete in buying such stocks.
They forget the high valuations.
Responsible management would warn against such valuations.
However, investors turn a deaf ear. Enthusiasm is so high that investors
are willing to give ridiculous valuations to stocks.
Go back to the internet era. Stocks like Software Solutions Ltd (SSI)
were quoted at outrageous valuations. They belonged to unknown
managements who had a knack of being with the changing times.
Investors lost fortunes investing in such companies, which were available
at a PE of over 100. The same management having cashed out on the
internet boom, went for a buy-back at a price around Rs.40. They were
quick to embrace the real estate boom with a newborn SSI. All
information on the company concentrated on the real estate business.
Yes, they did not change the name to SSI real estate. However, they did
capitalize on the new flavor of the markets and participated in the new
real estate fad.
The internet era is the remembrance of the high PE stocks like Global
Tele at 158 PE and, DSQ Software at 100 PE, where investors lost
259

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

fortunes. Investors also lost in blue chip companies like Infosys if they
bought the stock at 206 PE in 2000. Although it was a great, wellmanaged company, investors lost because they made the mistake of
buying a stock which had high built-in expectations of investors. Anyone
who bought Infosys in the year 2000 at ridiculous valuations is still a
loser in 2008. Not because he bought a bad company but because he
paid an excessively high price for the stock of a good company. This is
enough evidence for an investor to understand that excessively high
PEs of a stock are suggestive of a bubble pricing.
In the present scenario, on January 01, 2008, stocks of real estate
companies—like India Bulls Real Estate available at a PE of 800 and
the market leader, DLF Ltd, available at 450 PE—signify a bubble phase.
The power sector also has its share of high PE stocks like Reliance
Energy at 62 PE and RPL at 900 PE. Incidentally, the original power
players and fundamentally strong companies are Tata Power at a PE of
39, NTPC at a PE of 23. What do you call this difference? BUBBLE.
Reliance Natural Resources Ltd. (RNRL) a company with just an
MOU with Reliance Industries Ltd to get gas at a concession rate, which
is challenged in the court, is quoting at a PE of 601. It is a hope sold to
the investors. However, the IPO of RPL from the same management
has disappointed the investors with a below par listing, and is sure to
hurt the investors of RNRL who have bought the bubble stock. It is a
question of faith and trust.
Good reputed managements also get trapped in their own bubble
stocks with their inability and lack of courage to warn the investors of
the bubble pricing. The meteoric rise in their stock prices also blinds
them to the reality and they get swayed in the bubble formation. In
fact, they create an environment for the growth of the bubble where
they get hurt the most.
The above have been examples of bubble stocks with hardly any track
record but a lot of noise.
Credible managements would warn investors of such movements in
their stocks by making a public statement or selling stocks in the market
and making a public disclosure.
Excessively high PE stocks are the first sign of a bubble in the making.
260

Bubble Trap

11.4.2 Commodity Stocks
I am still not in terms as to how investors invest in commodity stocks. If
one is to bet on commodities there exists a commodity market to place
one’s bet. However, when the prices of commodities start firming up,
investors tend to chase commodity stocks. It would be much simpler to
buy the commodities.
Commodity stocks command a set PE that ranges between 5 and 10.
It is a simple business depending upon the price of the commodity and
the management expertise of the company. There cannot be much
deviation.
However, stock markets are known for their euphoria and even
commodity companies start quoting at ridiculous valuations. This is
more due to the higher and unreasonable expectations of the investors.
This leads to overpricing of commodity stocks. This is a sure sign of
investor irrational behavior.
Commodities also have their cycles. However, in times of a bullish
cycle, commodities’ stocks tend to be priced at ridiculous valuations,
signifying high investor expectations. The same is corrected when the
cycle turns bearish.
Investors need to be aware of ridiculous valuations of commodity
stocks. It is a sure sign of a bubble.
11.4.3 Economic Growth and Company Stock
Price Rise are Disproportional
Good news on the economy is discounted much faster in the markets
than the fundamentals justify. Economic growth is time-testing and the
benefits accrue over a period of time.
However, the stock markets are known for extrapolating too much
into the future. They discount the future too fast. Hence, the stock
markets are very quick to celebrate the success of economic growth.
This over-optimism and enthusiasm lead to stock market indices going
up at a faster rate than the economic growth justifies.
The Indian economy grew at 6% in 2003 and went up to 9% in
2008; however, the popular BSE Sensex rose from 2,800 in 2003 to
21,000 in 2008, a six-fold increase. The velocity of the rise in the stock
markets showed signs of over-optimism. Such a fast rise signifies the
build-up of a bubble.
261

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

This was in no way in conformity with the economic growth and
needed to get corrected. It went down to a low of 16,000 in March
2008. The bubble was pricked and sanity restored amongst investors.
Investors should understand the impact of good news and its effect
on the stock markets. If it is irrational, it is a sign of a bubble in the
making.
11.4.4 Media Hype
What is the current flavor in the media? The current topics and
happenings are so vividly highlighted by the media that they always
have a fast recall value. This leads to everyone talking, discussing and
believing in the same.
During the internet boom, the media played a very important role in
disseminating information on the emergence of the new economy, as to
how the bricks and mortar business was out and the internet-based
business models would survive. No doubt, the internet was the best thing
that was happening to the economy and has changed our lives drastically.
But the way investors reacted by paying any price for the internet stocks
was due to so much information flowing from the media. Easy recall value
created the internet hype and investors acted on the same.
Remember the ‘India Shining’ story in 2003–2004? We all believed
in the same. Everyone was talking and convinced of India shining. How
did this happen? The media carried discussions by prominent
businessmen, economists, industry leaders, and politicians on their views
on India shining. Even those who had no knowledge of what was
happening had to back up the India shining story, lest they were the
odd ones out. Viewers believed what they heard from the media and
they also started talking about it. We had everyone talking about it and
the available information was so strong that it became the truth.
The reality dawned when the NDA government lost the elections,
only to realize that India was shining only in the cities where the media
had a strong presence and the propaganda worked.
The current media hype on economic growth, the foreign institutional
investors’ money flows to the market, and the high demand for Indian
equities should be a signal to investors to not get swayed.
So is the case with the power, real estate and financial sectors. Observe
the advertisements in the media. These sectors top the list. The money
262

Bubble Trap

spent on advertisements gets them visibility in the media through
invitations to give their expert comments, take part in roundtable
conferences, express their expert opinions, etc. The viewer then acts on
such information. Be wary of media hypes.
11.4.5 Sudden Entry of Less-known Firms
When less-known firms start entering the markets through IPOs and
the indices, it is a sign of a bubble being formed. Companies enter the
indices based on the market capitalization. Unfortunately, the track
record of listing or profitability is no criteria for entry in the indices. It
is the size that matters. Such entries of lesser-known firms take the sector
weightage up. This is what happened during the internet boom. The
IT sector weightage increased to over 24% in a very short time.
After the split of the Reliance empire, a less-known company Reliance
Communications, got listed on the markets and entered the BSE Sensex
within three months of listing. Its market capitalization enabled entry
in the index. Telecommunications was a hot sector and started showing
representation on the indices. This hype is evident from the fact that
Reliance Communications was quoting at a PE of 60 in January 2008.
Real estate has a similar warning of a bubble. DLF Ltd came to the
market with a mega-issue and, within three months of listing, found its
place in the BSE Sensex. Its PE at the time of the listing was 218. The
issue price was Rs.525 and within six months the price jumped to over
Rs.1,250 in January 2008. However, the bubble was pricked and the
price fell to Rs.630 in March 2008.
Similarly, another real estate company, Unitech Ltd., entered the
Nifty in September 2007. Its PE was 46 at the time of listing.
11.4.6 Entry of More Firms in the Sector
A fast increase in a sector weightage with the entry of new firms is also
a sign of a bubble formation. When a sector is hot, new firms enter the
business, the existing firms come out with expansion plans, and we see
a flood of IPOs.
The hot sectors like capital goods in the infrastructure space, real
estate and power have seen a lot of new entrants to the market. The
markets have been dominated by IPOs in these sectors.
263

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

A similar hype existed in the power sector. RPL came out with an
IPO at a price band of Rs.430 to Rs.450, and was heavily oversubscribed.
Here, the bubble-like situation was evident when the IPO was
announced. Investors were willing to pay Rs.430-450 per share for a
Rs.1.8 crore profit-making company with promise of dream projects
expected to be commissioned by 2014.
However, on listing the price dropped below the issue price. Had the
sentiment not changed it would have been the largest capitalized stock
to find a place in the index.
The real estate sector also saw many new entrants in the market with
IPOs. DLF entered the market quoting at a PE of 218, India Bulls
Realty (a stock market favorite) commanded a PE of over 390. Many
other real estate developers also entered the market.
However, the sentiment changed in February 2008, and we saw the
withdrawal of the IPO of Emmar Holdings, an internationally-reputed
real estate developer. The pricing was too steep and investors were turning
rational.
Although the markets have reacted sharply and the bubbles in the
above sectors have been pricked, these examples provide evidence for
investors to identify bubble-like situations.

11.5 LESSONS FOR INVESTORS
11.5.1 Valuations do Matter the Most
You cannot pay any price for growth or a new idea or a concept.
Ultimately, it is the profits from an enterprise that matter. And for that
stream of earnings there is a price to be paid. That is the value you
attach to a stock. Paying high price for an expected future stream of
earnings is a sure way to losses.
This is conventional wisdom. No new economy or the advent of any
technology can change that. Remember the IT boom. The new adage
was “eyeballs”. How many hits a site generated made the company
owning that site very valuable. People gave crazy valuations to such
companies. Profits did not matter, as in the so-called new internet
economy what mattered was eyeballs.
264

Bubble Trap

Investing is all about earning a reasonable rate of return on one’s
investment and that cannot happen if the company does not make
profits. Such fads lasted for some time until wisdom dawned and the
prices of such internet stocks came crashing down.
Most of the real estate, infrastructure and power stocks are highly
expensive, but the India growth story is so hyped up that investors believe
in paying higher prices for the growth they see in these sectors.
It is difficult to value the land bank of a real estate company. Moreover,
in real estate deals, a lot of unaccounted money changes hands in the
form of cash. There is a question of corporate governance. There being
lack of transparency in dealings, it becomes difficult to value the
company. But, in the hope of a boom in real estate prices and the India
growth story, investors are willing to buy these stocks at ridiculous
valuations.
Take the case of power companies. These companies should deserve
the valuations of a commodity company. Moreover, pricing of the power
is also subject to certain government controls. There is no way that, in
a poor country like India which has a power deficit, the power companies
will be able to make great profits to justify high valuations. But power
being a hot sector the power stocks is a fancy and media-hyped.
Even on the infrastructure front, many capital goods companies and
construction companies that will be direct beneficiaries of infrastructure
growth, are commanding steep valuations. Investors ignoring the
valuations are sure to get hit.
11.5.2 Avoid Triple Digit PEs
Another sure way to losses is chasing triple-digit PE stocks. In a bubble
situation, the hype and the investor euphoria are so severe that investors
pay any price to acquire certain hyped-up stocks. No doubt, sometimes
a company comes out with an excellent performance due to a
breakthrough technology or change in fortunes. However, the investors
extrapolate this too far into the future. They are so excited about the
salient event that they overreact. They assume that this will be repeated
and will thus justify the high price they are paying. There is no way that
such performance can be sustainable.
During the technology boom, we saw how even a company like Infosys
was commanding a PE of over 100. It was an excellent company with a
265

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

very good track record and management. However, such a high PE was
unwarranted. There was too much of investor expectations implicit in
the price. Any investor who bought this great company in the year 2000
would be losing on his investment. Not that the choice of the company
was wrong, but the price paid was exorbitant. Even a long-term holding
period of eight years could not undo the mistake of paying triple digit PEs.
Reliance is a strong brand in the Indian capital markets. However,
some stocks like Reliance Natural Resources Ltd are quoting at a PE of
over 700 Reliance Infrastructure is at a PE of over 190. Such valuations
cannot be sustained in the long run, and investors are bound to get
hurt.
Similarly, another real estate company India Bull Real Estate Co was
at a PE of over 800 in January 2008. With the meltdown in the market
in March 2008 it declined to trade at a PE of over 600. A dangerous PE
at which to buy a stock. However, The Economic Times reported on
20th March that George Soros, the billionaire investor (speculator),
had picked up 2.5% stake in the company at Rs.455.80. If one is
investing, it is a dangerous thing to do. No wise investor would do this.
This is speculation. Investors take the cue from such news and make
investment decisions. It is on the assumption that George Soros knows
all. However he is human and prone to make mistakes as much as you
are. His speculation does not make the investment instrument any better.
It still remains a triple-digit PE stock and investors need to avoid it.
In times of madness anything can happen. Even a public sector
company, MMTC of India, was commanding a PE multiple of over
800. This soon crashed, to the dismay of greedy investors who paid
such a lofty valuation.
11.5.3 Mid-Cap and Small-Cap Stocks
Once the highly capitalized stocks start getting expensive, the market is
looking at identifying new opportunities. Thus, the focus shifts to the
mid-cap and the small-cap stocks. The growth stories of the hot sectors
are woven around these stocks.
There is nothing wrong in mid-cap or small-cap stocks, but the
problem comes with representative thinking. In a market bubble. when
the leaders go on becoming expensive, it is very easy to rig the mid- and
small-cap stocks. Due to their lack of liquidity, their rise becomes fast
266

Bubble Trap

and they become operator favorites. Unscrupulous management,
operators and brokers take advantage of a bubble phase in certain stocks
and sectors by rigging the mid-cap and the small-cap in these
representative sectors.
During the IT boom, since IT stocks were doing very well, we found
that many small and less-known companies attracted investor attention
due to representative bias, and when the tide turned these stocks became
worthless paper.
Examples of smaller companies affixing the words ‘dot com’ to their
names became sought-after companies and investors paid a heavy price
for chasing them.
Moreover, when the bull market ends the mid-cap and small-cap
stocks become highly illiquid. In such a situation, they lose their value
very fast in the absence of any buyers. After the Harshad Mehta boom
in the early-1990s, when the financial sector liberalization started, we
had a boom in the financial services industry. Any company having a
financial services business was sought after. When the party ended in
1995, investors were left with worthless paper and the entrants in the
industry without jobs.
Revisiting the real estate sector, we had new entrants in the mid-cap
category entering the markets to take advantage of the boom. Akruti
City was one such stock, commanding a lofty multiple of over 90.
Similarly Mahindra Life Space Developer became an investor craze with
the PE at over 160.
11.5.4 Avoid Large Little-known Companies
In a bubble phase, little-known companies tend to become large due to
the market capitalization going up because of the price increase. Such
companies attract media and investor attention. Analysts always want
new ideas and thus are born such growth ideas around little-known
companies. These companies being in the limelight, become famous
and their recall value in the minds of the investor increases.
Visual Soft during the IT boom is a fine example of a little-known
Hyderabad-based company which became large because its stock price
went up to as high as Rs.10,000 for a Rs.10 face value. It was the talk of
267

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

the town, recommended heavily by reputed investment bankers, brokers
and analysts. Investors lost a fortune when the tide turned.
Financial Technology is another little-known company which came
into the limelight due to its presence in the fast-growing financial sector
and its knowledge-base of stock exchanges. It promoted the Multi
Commodity Exchange of India. It is a very good company, with able
promoters and a good business model. However the triple digit valuation
of over 120 PE, in the mid-cap category makes it an unattractive
investment idea. There are many such examples in the hot sectors like
real estate and infrastructure.
11.5.5 Information Asymmetry
Beware of information asymmetry. Information travels in a channel,
right from the people surrounding or involved in the situation to the
ultimate recipients, the investor. The medium encapsulates various
mediums and forms. Right from management updates to stock exchanges
to business news channels to sources close to the company to your nextdoor neighbor who happens to know somebody in the company. When
you are bombarded with information from various directions, always
consider what part of the news reflects the ground reality and what part
is somebody else’s interpretation of that event. Be critical in your reaction
to such news items, otherwise one might have to face seemingly reliable
news turning out to be a hoax, resulting in losses and distress.
Moreover, one has to be aware at what step of the information ladder
one is. If one is not at the second or third step of the information ladder,
one is likely to be a loser. Availability heuristics create such information
ladders. These are created through web sites, blogs, newspapers, business
magazines and rumors. They also have geographical variants. Information
in Mumbai city could be old and tenth on the information ladder, but
in Ahmedabad the same could be brand new information and first or
second on the ladder.
The initial investors become salesmen and spread the information
more widely. It is only when such inside information becomes public
news and many investors chase it that the stock price goes up and the
initial investors exit. So avoid being an investor who would help the
initial investors to exit. Always check how fast the stock has appreciated
in the near past.
268

Bubble Trap

11.5.6 This Time it is Different
Every bubble phase has a new theme; however, the excesses are the same.
Institutional memory of investors, though strong regarding the past
mistakes in bubbles, fails to help them as they believe that “this time it
is different”.
Every bubble signifies excesses and irrational crowd behavior. This
leads investors to buy expensive stocks, buy what others are buying, buy
what is fancy in the markets and buy dreams.
However, every new bubble has a new story justifying how this time
this is very different from the past bubble. These are just new ideas and
fads to act upon the new mania.
During the technology boom did we not hear “this is the new economy
emerging”, “the old rules do not apply”, and “bricks and mortar is dead”?
In recent past, the India growth story is leading to excesses in sectors
like infrastructure, real estate and power. Stocks in these sectors have
been investor favorites and available at expensive multiples. But over a
longer period of time, the excesses will be corrected.
There are certain universal principles that do not change, irrespective
of other changes: A company has to make a profit to reward its
shareholders, to earn returns one has to buy at the right price, valuations
matter the most, there are no short-cuts, and you cannot sow today and
reap tomorrow. Irrespective of different times and circumstances
prevailing, the universal principles do not change. The euphoria of
markets makes one forget the conventional wisdom.
11.5.7 Never Get Married to your Stocks
One common mistake investors make is to fall in love with their stocks
so much so that they are not willing to part with them. Yes, one could
be lucky to make a fortune in a particular stock, as one was lucky enough
to buy it at the right price. Now when the stock has risen and becomes
expensive what must one do? There are chances of one getting into a
decision paralysis mode.
One must undertake this small exercise:
1. Ascertain the profit you are making on the stock. How many
times have you been lucky enough to make such money? Do
269

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

these opportunities come often? What can you do with this
money? This will set the clarity for your decision-making process.
2. Thereafter, assume that you have money and need to invest. Ask
yourself if you would buy the stock at this rate? If the answer is
yes, don’t sell. If the answer is no, sell your stocks and keep the
cash handy to buy when the markets offer good buying
opportunities.
Remember bull and bear markets follow each other. Cash is the king.
Opportunities always come, but when they come you need to have the
cash. This cash can come when you follow the basic tenets of investing:
buy low and sell high. There are a lot of foolish people around who will
give you such opportunities. So never get married to your stocks.
11.5.8 Never Short-Sell
After understanding the signs of a bubble one may become confident
and think of short selling, the act of borrowing shares and selling them
with the intention of buying them back when the price drops. This is
one temptation which needs to be avoided, as a bubble can last longer
than one imagines. A stock at a triple-digit PE of 100 may be overvalued,
but the euphoria of the market can take it up to even 600. No one can
judge how long the madness will last.
There is another danger in short-selling. If one buys a stock at a price
one knows the maximum loss one can make. However, when one shortsells, one does not know how much the stock will go up. If one buys a
stock at Rs.50 the maximum damage is Rs.50 if the stock goes down to
zero. However, if one sells a stock at Rs.50 the loss is unlimited. The
stock can go up to Rs.100, 500, 1,000. Or even Rs.10,000.
When one buys a stock, one can borrow the money from various
sources to pay for the stock. However when one short-sells the stock,
one needs to go to the owners of the stock to borrow. And these owners
can demand any price. One’s universe of borrowing is very small.
The stock market contract is thus heavily biased towards the buyer.
Moreover, every government would like the markets to be moving up,
as that signifies a healthy economy and good economic policies of the
government. The world over, stock markets are the barometer of the
financial health of a country. Whenever there is a crisis in the stock
270

Bubble Trap

markets, the government comes to the rescue. Large government
institutions step in to buy to support stock prices, the Finance Minister
soothes the sentiment by announcing stimuli, the Reserve Bank brings
down interest rates, etc. Now, in such a situation, a short-seller is never
respected and is seen as unpatriotic. He cannot have any government
sympathy, although he is only defying the market stupidity.
So it is best to watch the “fun” end and then buy your stocks at good
valuations.

11.6 WHY DO PAST BUBBLES NOT GUIDE US?
The most important lesson for a human being is to learn from one’s
mistakes. It is not that people do not want to do that, but there is so
much of information flowing in the stock markets that people tend to
mistake this overload of information for knowledge. Based on this new
knowledge, different mental models emerge. However, greed being the
basic emotion, the mind convinces the person that this time is
very different from the past bubble. Greed blinds the investor and,
believing only what he wants to believe, he goes ahead to make the
same mistakes.
Confirmation bias takes over and one only looks at advice or
information that fits with one’s line of thinking. Any other information
that is contrary is ignored.
Moreover, crowd behavior drives individual behavior in the stock
markets and, hence, investors get swayed by the most recent popular
thinking.
11.6.1 Bubbles Repeat due to Demographic Changes
One would argue that the recent technology bust is just seven years old
and how would investors make the same mistakes of buying junk stocks,
paying ridiculous valuations and leveraging their positions. If the tide
turns, investors are bound to get hurt.
However, demographic changes play a very important role. Every
year, we have so many students graduating and looking forward to
starting their careers. The new generation makes its way to stock markets
in the form of employees, sub-brokers, day-traders, dealers, etc. If the
271

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

markets are bullish then we have an exodus from other markets joining
the stock markets. There is a new breed of players without any
institutional memory
Where are the people with institutional memory? Bust follows the
boom, so most of the people make losses and exit the market. Lossaversion makes investors flee the markets to safety.
After the technology bust, investors had lost fortunes and they would
have exited the markets. However, a new set of investors enters the
market, bringing in new crazy ideas and concepts.
In the boom starting from 2003, we have seen so many new entrants
in the markets. Most of them would not have seen the technology bust.
They are without any experience of what a bear market can do. Hence,
we have a new generation of investors who are fresh and they make the
same old mistakes.
11.6.2 Short Public Memory
Seven years is too long a period in public memory. Investors who lost in
the technology bust would readily make the same mistakes, as the recency
effect has faded with the passage of time. Now the new concepts and
fads do their work. This is the most recent information in their minds,
and they tend to get swayed by the same.
The fact that we saw investor loss-aversion in 2001/2002/2003
demonstrates that the recent losses were fresh in their minds and they
were loss-averse. Moreover there was no new idea or concept or fad to
take their fancy. In 2004, as the India growth story started unfolding,
investors started leaving the bad memories behind and once again joined
the crowd.
Envy played an important role in such behavior. When people saw
others making money in stocks they joined the herd.
11.6.3 There is a New Way of Measuring this New
Phenomenon
Every bull phase has a new concept, a new story, a new fad and a new
measurement tool. There was a time when earnings per share was
popular, then we had the price to book value, followed by the cash flow
per share, the replacement cost theory, the eyeballs and, lastly,
272

Bubble Trap

infrastructure and the land bank concept. Stock markets are known for
such fads.
Investors start becoming greedy and participate in the same excesses
of buying the fancies according to the present valuation norms. As the
markets go up, and the profits start flowing in, they start believing that
this time it is very different and the new measurement tools are the
order of the day. Conventional measurement tools are ignored.
To understand the fickle-minded behavior of the investors, let us go
back to the year 2000, during the time of the technology boom. Bricksand-mortar was dead and the internet was the answer to all business
models. People paid huge multiples for internet- and web-based business
models.
Now, eight years down the line, when the internet has stabilized, and
broadband has arrived with the security systems and checks and balances
in place, we find investors embracing the bricks-and-mortar business
models. That is also one of the reasons for the rise in real estate prices.
Nowhere is this more evident than in the financial services sector.
Most of the financial services firms are getting huge valuations, which
are dependent on the number of branches they have. Financial firms,
like Geojit Financial Services, Motilal Oswal Financial Services, ILFS
Invest Smart and Emkay Finance, have become investor favorites where
investors are willing to pay crazy valuations for a cyclical business
dependent on the stock market boom. The new way of measurement is
the number of branches a firm has. This is akin to the “eyeballs”
measurement tool. Private equity players and qualified institutional
investors are a dominant part of this herd.
On the contrary, internet-based models are an idea whose time has
not only come but is here to stay. No more do we go to the travel agents
for airline or hotel bookings. We do it through the internet. However,
stock markets behave irrationally and give weight not to what is
important, but to what is more popular and current.
11.6.4 Overconfidence of Knowledge and Ability
When investments start yielding profits due to a surge in the stock prices,
investors tend to relate the success to their knowledge and ability. This
newfound confidence leads one to be more aggressive in the quest for
273

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

higher profits. One convinces oneself that the present is very different
from the past, and one goes out and makes the same mistakes but in
different ways.
Here is an example of my client who also has a couple of other brokers.
During the technology boom, he had lost a sizeable amount through
another broker, and every time he remembered his loss and blamed the
broker. I explained to him that the reason for his losses was not the
broker, but he himself as he became greedy and bought stocks which
were fancies of the market and paid ridiculous prices to acquire them.
He agreed with me, and vowed to be very careful in his future investing
decisions. Thereafter, he used to deal with me and kept with my
philosophy of value investing. That meant buying only when a good
opportunity arose and thus less interaction with the broker. He was
doing fine and one day in December 2007 he phoned me and
complained regarding my or my firm’s inability to give him good
investment ideas. When I told him that we found everything expensive
and would wait for a good buying opportunity he exploded and told me
that other brokers were giving him so many tips everyday and the stocks
were also going up. Why should he deal with me when I did not have
the research and the expertise to identify winning stocks? Although he
was in touch with me as we were family friends, he stopped doing business
with me. Moreover, he claimed that his son was a reputed professional
and with his contacts with the company management, he was able to
get so many investment tips. I explained to him that he was losing his
discipline and he would be sure to meet the same fate as in the technology
bust. In one of my subsequent meetings he asked me about L&T stock.
I told him that at Rs.4,000 it was an expensive stock at a PE of over 60.
He argued with me that it was a very good stock and would still go up.
I guessed that he had bought the stock and now he wanted confirmation
from me that he had done the right thing. I told him that L&T was a
great company but a bad stock at such a high PE. I am sure if he loses in
L&T he will put the blame on the broker. This is how investors get
swayed by their greed and envy. They never learn because they believe
that this time “I am smart”.

11.7 CONCLUSION
Investors would do better not only in investing, but also in all walks of
life, if they keep in mind the behavioral biases that affect clarity in
274

Bubble Trap

thinking. Money is good as long it is in the pocket. It becomes dangerous
when it goes in the head. That is when we become irrational and start
making blunders.
‘House money effect’ is used to denote the tendency common
amongst gamblers playing in casinos, where they are ready to take more
risk with money earned easily or unexpectedly, which is eventually what
success in gambling means. This tendency is not limited to gamblers in
the casinos; it is prevalent in the stock market as well, particularly during
bull runs.
As the bull run moves from stage to stage, the money made during
one stage is put at risk much more easily as the thrill and ease associated
with making money in the market increases. Thus, just as an investor
avoids taking risk before the onset of the bull run because he values his
money more highly, he eventually becomes much more vulnerable to
parting with his money, which has grown somewhat during the initial
stages of the bull run. This, in part, explains what makes market valuation
lose touch with economic reality.
Human beings have a tendency to credit their successes to themselves,
whereas their failures are attributed to external variables. This bias is
termed as ‘attribution bias’. Money is made mainly backed by the overall
increase in stock market levels because of increase in the demand for
stocks. People start attributing their successes to themselves and become
more and more confident about their ability and methods. But any
event is a confluence of internal and external factors and the same is the
case in investing.
Thus, when an investor makes money, he should reason his success
by appreciating any unforeseen event, which led him to make money
out of a trade and, accordingly, weigh his strengths against his weaknesses,
rather than blindly attributing all the success to himself. If he fails to do
so, he will cease to see the linkage between cause and effect and the
result would not be favorable in the long run.
Imagine the confidence you will have if you are able to spot a bubble.
Waiting for it to burst can open up a host of opportunities to make a
fortune. But it requires courage and patience—rare attributes amongst
humans accustomed to quick fixes and instant gratification.

275

TWELVE
12

INVESTOR BEHAVIOR
BASED FINANCE

12.1 Behavioral Finance
12.2 Stock Price
12.3 Role of the Owners: Investors
12.4 Corporate Behavior
12.5 Investor Behavior-based Finance
12.6 Paradigm Shift: Research on Investor Behavior
12.7 A Case Study of Investor Behavior-based Finance
12.8 Estimating Stock Price Movement: A Case Study
12.9 Conclusion

Investor Behavior Based Finance

Throughout the book we have discussed about identifying a good
company, verifying whether the stock is available at a good price, and
how one could make money by following different investment strategies.
It was evident that most of the losses suffered by investors were due
to their emotional indiscipline and their unwillingness to delay
gratification. Stock markets offer good investment opportunities in the
form of listed companies that are prone to sway between business cycles
and bouts of human emotion. But, over the long run, investors can
benefit from regular dividends and capital appreciation if the choice of
the company and its business model has been right.
A lot of time, money and effort have been expended to study the
companies listed on the stock markets. Brokerages, investment bankers,
analysts and investors are always
Stock markets offer good
on the lookout for investment
investment opportunities
opportunities in companies
in the form of listed
capable of delivering abovecompanies that are prone
average returns to make them
to sway between business
immensely rich in a short time.
cycles and bouts of human
This makes them look for
emotion.
technology breakthroughs, new
business models, new markets, innovations, new products, changing
business cycles, quality of management, economic growth, ability of
companies to grow, competitive environment, etc. In efficient markets,
if one takes the trouble to understand the companies and their
competitive edge, it becomes easy to identify winners and investors would
smile their way to the banks. However, the stock markets are inefficient
especially in the short run and hence do not offer such opportunities.
Stock prices fluctuate not according to the fundamentals of a company
but according to what the investors think of those fundamentals.
Different investors are governed by their own unique emotions and
their decisions are subject to their emotional outbursts.In times of
optimism, investors are willing to pay much higher prices for stocks,
way above their intrinsic value, and in times of pessimism they are willing
to sell the same stocks much below their true worth. When caught
between greed and fear, investors behave in an irrational manner.
279

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

These same investors do research on companies, but make their
decisions more out of emotional reactions rather than reasoning out of
fundamental facts of the company. They play havoc with a company’s
stock price, getting in and out of a company stock at the slightest hint
of discomfort.
Investors ask the management all sorts of questions regarding the
progress of the company. They are the owners, and the management is
responsible to them.
However, looking at the way investors make their decisions—out of
greed, fear and short-term gratification—it is important for companies
to research their investors. Knowing how different classes of investors
behave, what matters to them, how each one is different and what
information is important to them, is what companies need to research.
Let us try to understand the nature of the markets and its participants.
The role of a corporation is to maximize shareholder value as epitomized
by the stock price. This stock price fluctuates according to the whims
and fancies of different types of investors, who get swayed between bouts
of fear and greed. Investors do research on companies and make a buy
or sell decision.
However, do companies research their investors?
These investors form an important constituent of any corporation.
They are the owners and, at the same time, their fickle-minded behavior
can play havoc with stock prices.
The stock price is never a
true reflection of the true
12.1 BEHAVIORAL FINANCE worth of the corporation. It
is a function of the
Flawed Thinking
perceptions
of
the
General thought process is
investors.
governed by the concept of
traditional economic theory that says that markets are efficient and that
people make rational decisions to maximize profits.In short, traditional
finance may be represented as ‘1+1 = 2’.
However, the new school of thought as propounded by behavioral
economic theory believes that, while traditional economic theory may
hold true in the long run, in the short run markets are not efficient and
people do not make rational decisions. People have a mind and a heart,
but people do not always make decisions only out of their mind. When
280

Investor Behavior Based Finance

decisions are made from the heart, they are emotional decisions and
may not be rational. People donating to charities or celebrating their
birthdays are examples of action driven by emotions, which do not
possess the motive of profit maximization. Behavioral finance may be
represented as ‘1+1+emotion=2 or 8 or 50 or 0’.

12.2 STOCK PRICE
The goal of a corporation is to maximize shareholder value as epitomized
by the stock price. The stock price becomes important as it reflects the
true state of affairs of a corporation. If the corporation is doing very
well, its stock price goes up. In times of adversity, the stock price is
down.
12.2.1 Stock Price: Home Truths
The stock price is never a true reflection of the true worth of the
corporation. If that were so the stock markets would be very dull and
boring. The stock price is a
Unpredictable investor
function of the perceptions of the
behavior causes a big
investors who are governed by
disparity between the true
their emotions of greed and fear.
worth of the company and
The uncertainty of the markets
the stock price in the
coupled with unpredictable
markets.
investor behavior causes stock
volatility. This investor behavior causes a big disparity between the true
worth of the company and the stock price in the markets.
In times of prosperity and boom conditions, the stock price is more
than the true worth, as investors are willing to pay a higher price,
expecting good times to continue. In times of depressed conditions,
stocks are available at less than their true worth, as investors are bearish
on the future. So, it is all a function of sentiments and perceptions. This
can change overnight and that is why we have bull and bear markets
that follow each other.
The stock price is the fulcrum around which a lot of things happen.
A host of decisions affecting the corporation are made based on the
stock price. It is the yardstick to judge the performance of a company.
Stock price has become so crucial that it can make or break a company.
281

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

A good stock price is able to attract investors, as it signifies good
times for the company. It signifies investor interest and this leads to
more investors investing in the company. This demand leads to the
stock price going up further. Such stocks become media favorites and
receive attention and become popular.
This is good for the company as it helps it to undertake expansion
plans without having to worry about resources. There are investors
waiting to invest. So is the case when the company is going for mergers
and acquisitions. A good stock price not only helps to get more investors
willing to invest, but also helps the company in bargaining a favorable
share swap deals in the case of mergers.
A good stock price also keeps the creditors and the bankers happy.
Bankers are willing to lend to such companies at more favorable interest
rates, as well as to participate in expansion plans. The company’s credit
rating is high. This helps the company to pursue long term investment
plans at lower interest rates.
A good stock price helps the
We are in a financial jungle
company to attract talent and
where the rules are very
retain top performing employees.
different and corporates
Stock options issued by the
need to learn how to play
company have a significant
by the new rules.
meaning and impact employee
morale if the stock price is good and fancied in the stock market.
In short, a good stock price reflects an optimistic future for the
company.
On the other hand, a depressed stock price reflects pessimism and a
gloomy future for the company. The business model and the
opportunities and the profits may be good for the company but lack of
investor interest resulting in a depressed stock price does not auger well
for the company on many fronts.
There are grave organizational consequences of a depressed stock price.
The ability of the company to attract talent is considerably reduced.
Retaining employees becomes hard, as employees like to go where the
future is bright and rosy. A depressed stock price signifies a pessimistic
future. In such a situation, stock options have no meaning or attraction
to the employees.
282

Investor Behavior Based Finance

A depressed stock price can make an acquirer company an acquiree.
We saw that in the case of Great Eastern Realty. A great business with a
depressed stock price saw Mr. Abhishek Dalmia, an investor, acquiring
stocks at a depressed price, only to enable the company to be acquired
by Mahindra Realty and thus unlock the hidden value of the company.
A depressed stock price and the complacency of the management made
the Sheths lose control of the company.
Depressed stock prices also do not find favor with bankers and
creditors, which can derail a company’s long term plans as it will fail to
get loans at favorable interest rates. This can jeopardize the future
expansion plans and new initiatives.
Investors’ interest also wanes in companies whose stock prices are
depressed. It becomes very difficult for such companies to access the
capital markets for their expansion
plans. Rights offers and IPOs become
Companies
should
very difficult for such managements.
concentrate on the four
constituents:
It has, thus, become very important
employees, customers,
for the management to ensure that its
suppliers and investors.
stock price reflect the underlying
fundamentals of the business.
However, it is the most difficult thing to do. This stock price changes at
the whims of its owners who are the investors and also the shareholders.
Is it not surprising that the owners of a company are the ones who play
havoc with their own company’s stock price and have the ability to put
the company in a fix?
This is the nature of the markets where such stocks are listed. They
are full of transient investors. These investors do not have any conscience.
They become owners to benefit from the movements in the stock price.
It is their profits and losses that are important and these are again the
outcome of their emotional outbursts of greed and fear. Let us understand
these investors.

12.3 ROLE OF THE OWNERS: INVESTORS
We need to change the paradigm of ownership when we look at investors
in the stock markets. Can owners play havoc with their own companies?
Conventional wisdom would say no. But the realities of the stock markets
283

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

are very different. When stocks are listed, investors can get in and out of
a stock with the click of a button. Thus, ownership changes in seconds.
How can we hope to have any loyalty from transient owners? Although
these same investors, during their tenure, have every authority over the
management of the company, they have no responsibility towards the
same company that they own.
Let us understand these investors and their behavior.

1. These investors help the company to grow and flourish by
providing resources in the form of capital. This comes in many
ways, like subscriptions to an IPO, subscription to a rights offer
or investing in a private placement. Had it not been for this
entrepreneurial spirit of investors we would not have had such a
vibrant capital market.
2. These are the investors who do research on companies. They keep
the management on alert. They pose all sorts of questions to
management regarding the healthy functioning of the company.
They study the business model, the markets, the technology
adopted by the company, the corporate governance, the human
resources policy, etc., to judge the quality of the company.
3. They help companies in their expansion plans and mergers and
acquisitions efforts by providing capital in times of such needs.
This form of financing is fast and does not involve the procedural
delays of the banks and financial institutions.
4. Investors help in determining the valuation of a company’s stock.
It is their perception and their optimism or pessimism that decides
the stock valuation, which is then reflected in the stock price.
5. These same investors also create volatility in stock prices by moving
in and out of a stock at the slightest hint of uncertainty. Investor
greed and fear create this volatility.
6. In so doing these same investors can make or break a company.
This is the fickle-minded behavior of the investors who are supposedly
the owners. At one time they are in love with their company and at
other times they become so repulsed that they play havoc with the stock
price.
Why does this happen? There are two very strong destabilizing changes
that have happened with equity ownership. The growth of mutual funds
284

Investor Behavior Based Finance

has led to institutional ownership going up. This has led to the rise of
professional money managers whose job is to make money from the
markets from equities at any cost. Secondly they are dealing with other
people’s money and hence their risk-aversion is very minimal. With
such a trend the concept of ownership and responsibility no longer exists.
We are in a financial jungle where the rules are very different and
corporates need to learn how to play by the new rules.

12.4 CORPORATE BEHAVIOR
12.4.1 Efficient Market Theory
Corporate managers follow the efficient market theory assuming that
the management’s job is to concentrate on developing strategies for
creating shareholder value and explain the rationale to the investors.
They assume that investors make rational decisions based on a rational
analysis of the company and its long-term financial performance.
This assumption makes them believe that if some investors exit the
company, there are other potential investors who will step in to replace
the sellers.
The managers’ job is to run the company efficiently without being
bothered about any external factors.
In so doing, they want to concentrate on the conventional wisdom,
which says that the employees, the customers and the suppliers are the
most important constituents of a company.
Every effort, time and money is spent on the employees. There are
various employee-retention and loyalty schemes to reward the employees.
You have a Human Resource Development (HRD) division to make
the employees comfortable. Stock option schemes are there for employee
retention.
Then again we have the customers. “The customer is king” goes the
popular saying. Corporate managers do everything possible to please
the customers in order to retain their loyalty. Huge amounts are spent
on customer market surveys, loyalty reward programs and studies of
customer behavior and spending patterns.
Lastly, the suppliers are also very important to the corporate managers.
They play an important role in charting the company’s expansion plans,
285

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

delivery schedules and the research and development efforts. Corporate
managers take good care to make the suppliers happy and, in turn, loyal
to the company.
Companies follow the traditional model of focusing on what they
want to say rather than understanding what investors wish to know.
They believe that everyone is on the same wavelength and, thus, they
come out with communication packages for all types of investors. There
is no effort made to understand what the investor is looking at. There
could be some investors who look at a company from its strategic
position, while others may look at it from its organizational capabilities.
Feeding both these types of investors the same information can lead to
different reactions from them. Understanding investor behavior, the
information one looks for, while making an investment decision and
the investing timeframe one has in mind are important aspects a company
should know when communicating with investors.
Analysts’ meet, followed by cocktails and dinner along with specific
communication package is the routine followed by companies.
The sad part is that corporate managers ignore the most important
aspect, and that is the complex behavior of investors. No effort is made
to study the behavior of the investors.
12.4.2 Do they Know their Investors?
You ask a company who are its investors, and they will give you a long
list of shareholders at a particular date and tell you that these are the
investors. This is where the problem begins. For a listed company every
investor in the market place is its investor. He may not be in the current
list of shareholders but with a click of a button he becomes a shareholder.
The stock markets make that happen and technology facilitates that
within seconds.
With institutional ownership going up, it is important for the
company to understand the professional fund-managers, who are
investors. Their behavior and their perceptions on the company need to
be monitored regularly. Efforts need to be made to understand these
investors. Their behavior is very complex as, although they are owners,
they can exit as owners within seconds. Moreover, they are investing
other people’s money. These two criteria make it important for the
company to take pains to understand the complex behavior of these
investors.
286

Investor Behavior Based Finance

These are the investors who can play havoc with stock prices. They
can make or break a company. They do research on the company. But
do the companies research their investors? This is an idea whose time
has come.
Companies should concentrate on all the four constituents: employees,
customers, suppliers and investors.

12.5 INVESTOR BEHAVIOR-BASED FINANCE
Investors do research on companies but
Investor do research
do companies research their investors?
on companies. Do
Looking at the way the investors play
companies research
havoc with stock prices by buying and
their Investors?
selling on the slightest market noise it
is important that corporations understand the profile of its investors.
To start with, one needs to outline a basic framework for profiling
investors. This is done by identifying the key investors and ascertaining
their investment horizons. Thereafter, one needs to understand their
analytical process, which drives their decision making. This would help
the corporation to know the type of investors it has.
To study investor behavior in detail, it is important to obtain investor
finances and trading patterns. This enables a corporation to predict and
gauge the potential impact of investor decisions on stock prices.
Stock volatility is a function of the investor community rather than
of specific investors of a corporation. If communication from
corporations is made available to like-minded investors, it can go a long
way in building a strong network of loyal investors. Hence, investor
mapping and tailor-made communication to match investor perceptions
is the need of the hour.

12.6 PARADIGM SHIFT: RESEARCH ON
INVESTOR BEHAVIOR
This calls for a paradigm shift in the way companies look at their
investors. Understanding investor behavior can only be done by profiling
and mapping the investors. The first step would be to profile the investors
287

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

by identifying the key investors and their reasons for investing. The
second step would be to map the investors with reference to the content
they analyze for making investment decisions and also their horizon of
investment.
12.6.1 Identifying Key Investors
When given the task of identifying the key investors, one would naturally
conclude that the largest investors would be the key investors. However,
this may not be true if we are looking at investors who play havoc with
stock prices. These large investors could be passive as they could have
invested in the company because it happens to be a part of the index or
it could be because the investor needs a certain amount of exposure in
the particular sector and so on.
However, it is the active traders who really influence the stock prices.
Now these could be large shareholders or past shareholders who suddenly
become active due to the change of fortunes of the company, revival of
the sector in which the company is, or change in management following
an acquisition or a merger. This news can make the existing small
investors active as well as attract new investors who could influence the
price. So, medium to small traders do play a very important role when
we identify the key investors.
It is also important to know the organizational safeguards imposed
on such active influential investors or fund managers. The organization
could have its set of guidelines for not exceeding a certain percentage in
a particular stock or an industry, the regulatory controls, and the fund
managers’ own limits on stock and industry exposure. Liquidity concerns
also affect investor trading decisions. Knowledge of all these is important
for the company to understand its investors.
12.6.2 Profiling the Investors
After the key investors have been identified, it becomes necessary to
profile them. How does one profile the investors? Understanding the
investment time horizon and the dominant content analyzed helps us
in profiling the investors and thus communicating with them on their
specific interests.

288

Investor Behavior Based Finance
Investment Horizon

Long Term: Most long-term investors base their decisions on the longterm growth projections stretching over a period of five years or more.
They follow the discounted cash flow model to judge whether a stock is
worthy of investment. They look at the long-term prospects of the
business and the quality of management. Investors like Warren Buffett
fall into this category.
They follow the fundamental long-term approach to investing and,
thus, are known as fundamental analysts. However, their investing
behavior can be very different from their fundamental approach. Say a
stock is bought based on fundamental analysis, but the price moves up
very steeply, the fundamental analyst can become a short-term trader.
Therefore, a fundamental analyst need not necessarily be a long-term
investor. My experience has also shown that most of the big institutional
investors talk about long-term investment strategies but their trading
pattern depicts short-term behavior. Therefore, most of the professional
investors are not long-term fundamental investors.
Medium Term: The time horizon of these investors ranges from 12
to 18 months. They are looking at certain news that could affect the
company in the medium-term. Such news could be in the form of a
turnaround in the company, the effect of a new product in the market,
etc. A majority of the large active traders falls into this category. These
types of medium-term investors could be termed as ‘news forecasters’.
They are the ones who are most influential price movers in the mediumterm.
Short Term: These investors are smaller than the long- and the
medium-term investors, but they can be in the top 100 and are a
formidable force to reckon with. Their time horizon is short and it ranges
from a week to a couple of months. They move in and out of a stock
fast and they closely follow different corporate actions. Their buying
and selling takes place ahead of specific news such as earnings predictions,
a technology breakthrough announcement, outcome of a major contract
or a bonus announcement. These investors are busy buying on rumors
and selling on news. Large, as well as retail investors, form a part of
these short-term investors. Since they are looking at events to unfold we
can term them as ‘event bettors’. Their behavior is well described by the
famous saying, ‘Buy on the rumor and sell on the news.’
289

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

There is also a great deal of overlapping when we attempt to map and
identify investor behavior. Biotechnology is a long-term business, as
most of the value that companies create from its products will not be
realized for more than a decade. As a result, one might expect the
fundamental analysts to dominate the shareholders’ register and,
therefore, the share price.
But the opposite is happening: 90% of the investors in this segment
are news forecasters or event bettors. They make decisions based on
short-term events such as clinical trials.
So there are no hard and fast rules but the trend and the patterns of
behavior from trading data serve as useful guide posts.
Dominant Content Being Analyzed

Different investors have different yardsticks to measure a company’s
performance and the business outlook. Investors like Warren Buffett
would invest in companies whose business he understands. On the other
hand, there could be investors who look at the organizational structure
of a company, and there could be still others for whom organizational
structure is irrelevant but product innovation and technology are very
important. Thus we can map investors with the content they analyze.
1. Organization watchers
They lay more stress on organizational issues when making investment
decisions. Organizational changes make them active and they buy or
sell a stock based on such changes.
Relevant data
They look at organizational changes with great interest. They believe
that as long as a good business is run with good organizational capabilities,
its ability to be profitable and reward the shareholders is guaranteed.
Such organizational capabilities could be due to a strong leader in the
form of a successful entrepreneur (Dhirubhai Ambani) or an efficient
CEO (Narayana Murthy or a Nandan Nilekani). It could also be due to
good corporate governance systems and values (TATA Group).
A big reshuffle or an exodus of senior management would make such
organizational mavens active. Organizational takeovers, mergers and
acquisitions would also call for activity by the mavens.

290

Investor Behavior Based Finance
Conditions that make them active

Change in organizational structure. This could be due to
restructuring, downsizing, merger or an acquisition.
• Appointment or firing of a CEO.
• Changes in senior management cadres.
• Exodus of star performers from the company.
• Regulatory inquiry in the affairs of the organization.
• Death of the entrepreneur or a CEO with an impeccable track
record.
2. Strategy followers
They look at important business strategies a company adopts. They
give more importance to such issues when making their buy and sell
decisions.
•

Relevant data

•
•

•
•
•
•
•

A change in the business model of a company.
A different marketing and sales strategy. For example, a consumer
goods industry adopting an aggressive marketing strategy
earmarking a huge resource outlay to capture market share.
A takeover of a company and thus increased customer acquisition
and market penetration.
Selling off existing loss-making divisions.
Entering a new line of business and its implications on the current
business.
Introducing product innovations in the market.
Growth through acquisitions.

Conditions that make them active

A change in the business model could have mixed reactions. These
developments have to be viewed with market trends and the state of the
stock markets. During the technology boom, many companies decided
to get into the technology sector, considering the new potential. However
the said strategy worked for some but not all.
An innovative sales and marketing strategy for market penetration
would depend upon the resources available with the company and the
strength of the competitors. These would have mixed reactions.

291

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

A takeover of a company for increase in customer base and market
penetration would have a favorable impact with the investors. However,
as discussed in an earlier chapter titled ‘Sector Investing,’ the price paid
would be a subject of debate as the fear would be of the company getting
trapped in the winner’s curse.
Hiving off non-profitable businesses would be viewed favorably by
the investors.
Entering a new line of business in a bull market would have favorable
implications. However, in a bear market, investors would not be very
excited.
Introducing product innovations would have initial favorable interest.
This information will be viewed with the impact on profitability and
the ability of market success.
Growth through acquisitions would be a favorable strategy in a bull
market but a neutral one in a bear market. Moreover, the fear of winner’s
curse will always linger with the sophisticated investors.
3. Financial addicts
Looking at financial figures for investment decisions is one of the most
important parameters. However, in current times, with the spread of
day-traders and short-term punters, investor behavior has become very
important when it comes to reacting to financial figures. And investors’
behavior to financial figures is responsible for the volatility in the markets.
Volatility is increased with the disclosure of quarterly results by the
companies. Investors get in and out of a stock depending on the quarterly
results. Investors have been very brutal with companies not able to
consistently post favorable financial figures. However the silver lining
for long-term investors is that such an erratic and short-term view by a
majority of the investors offers great buying opportunities.
Relevant data

The relevant data is all about the financial profit figures. It has nothing
to do with the financial health of the company. The most important
data for such investors is the quarterly results declared by a company.
These need to match with investors expectations. And these expectations
are formed by expecting growth over the past quarter. Other relevant
292

Investor Behavior Based Finance

pieces of information are the guidance given by the management, yearon-year profit growth of the company,the dividend payout of the
company, and the issue of splits.

Conditions that make them active
A company exceeding investors’ expectations.
A company not meeting investors’ expectations.
Management warning of a slow-down.
Management unable to meet the guidance given.
Quarterly results beat market expectations.
Quarterly results disappoint.
Stock split announcement.
Dividend cut.
Dividend payout raised.
4. Management watchers
These types of investors believe that as an investor you are entrusting
your money to the management. Hence, the quality of the management
is a very important parameter to them. They are very sensitive to
management actions, both company-specific and personal.
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Relevant data

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

The track record of management’s performance.
The vision and the organizational capabilities of the management.
The integrity and honesty of the management. Do they walk the
talk?
Are they dependable and trustworthy?
What is the stake of the management in the company? Especially
when the company is family-owned.
Do they have the interests of the shareholders at heart?
What is the management’s contribution to the society?
Are they manipulating their own stock prices?
How are they managing the company’s resources? Are they
extravagant in their personal spending?
Is the company’s financial showing a true picture of the company?
293

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

•
•
•
•
•
•
•

The reputation of the management.
Succession plans and ability to retain talent.
Do they give the right information on the company to its
investors?
Are they fair with all the stakeholders?
Is the management conservative?
Treatment of its own employees.
Dealings with its business associates, like timely payment to
suppliers and fair dealings with customers.

Conditions that make them active

Management frequently misses its guidance.
Management is involved in a scam.
Regulatory or statutory proceedings against the management.
Internal control problems and conflicts.
The company skips dividends, but balance sheet shows abnormal
and questionable expenses.
• Personal wealth created at the expense of the company, like huge
salaries and allowances even when the company is not doing well.
• Consistently rewarding shareholders.
• Over-performing the guidance given.
• Get awards from business associations.
• Acknowledgements for services and contribution to society.
The above are just a few examples of how investors can be mapped.
They could also be further mapped as sector followers, index stock
watchers, innovation punters, market-trend bandwagons, etc. Once the
investors are mapped with reference to their behavior, the content
analyzed by them and the conditions that make them active, it becomes
fairly easy to gauge their investment actions. Companies can benefit
immensely from such analysis as they will be able to effectively
communicate with the investors.
•
•
•
•
•

Do retail investors matter?

It may be easier to map and profile the big institutional investors, but at
the retail level we need to separate them according to their velocity of
trading.

294

Investor Behavior Based Finance

High-velocity retail investors come in the form of day-traders. But
their entry and exit in a stock is so fast that they really do not affect the
stock prices unless the stock happens to be illiquid.
The low-velocity investors are the inheritors and the retired, who
hold on to stocks for sentimental reasons or with an idea to benefit
from the dividends and capital appreciation. They do not have any
impact on stock price volatility.
The medium-velocity investors are the most important group which
creates some impact on the stock price. They are the retail event bettors
who trade at a medium velocity, generally holding stocks for a few
months to a year.

12.7 A CASE STUDY OF INVESTOR BEHAVIOR-BASED
FINANCE

Figure 12.1 Distribution of the Investor Base
The company has done some research to map its investors (Figure
12.1) and it finds that 20% of the investors are organization mavens;
i.e,. the dominant content they analyze constitutes organizational issues;
10% lay stress on strategies; and 20%, being financial addicts, concentrate
on the financial figures. Financial institutions like pension funds hold
15% of the shares, and they are long-term passive investors. Mutual
funds hold another 15%, and the remaining 20% are held by retail
295

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

investors. This investor holding is the free float in the market and does
not include the promoter holding.
12.7.1 Reorganization Plans
• Change Business Strategy
• Require organization structure revamp
• Adopt a vibrant new business model
The company intends going ahead with a restructuring plan, which
would require it to change the business strategy and reorganize the
organization structure. The new business model would enable it to
improve its long-term profitability, but the short-term pains of having
two bad quarters (earnings would drop by 25%) are the price to be
paid.
12.7.2 Investor Chaos
Such an announcement would lead to chaos, and investors would react
to such news (Figure 12.2). The company stock price could take a
beating. However, the company being ready with the data on its
investors, would be confident of bringing about the change without
being unnecessarily worried.

Figure 12.2 Distribution of Investor Reactions
296

Investor Behavior Based Finance

Since the announcement is about the change in strategy and the
organization revamp, which would increase the long-term health of the
company, it would present the case favorably to the organization mavens,
the strategy junkies and the long-term investors. They will be able to
understand and will not be unduly perturbed by the temporary drop in
profits for the first two quarters; thus, 45% of the investors would not
panic and continue to hold on to the stock. The financial addicts are
always the short-term traders, who base their decisions on events, and
they would sell. The company expects all of them to sell, as the action
of the company does not match their perception. This 20% of the
investor base will sell their shares. Mutual funds hold 15%. Of these,
the growth funds will stay invested. However, specific sector funds and
balanced funds could sell. Hence, a selling of 5% is assumed. From the
retail investors it is expected that 50% would sell. Hence, a 10% selling
from them is expected. Overall, a total of 35% selling can be expected.
12.7.3 Important Investors
The next step is to identify the most important type of investors. They
would be:
• Organization Mavens
• Strategy Junkies
• Long term Investors
The company then needs to position itself as a long-term investment
opportunity, as it is changing its business strategy and revamping the
organizational set-up. The current investors who believe in the new
business model will not only increase their holding, but a whole new set
of investors emerges, to whom the company can go and present itself.
The company needs to make the existing investors its champions and
present the new business model to prospective new investors.
12.7.4 The New Arena
This exercise enables the company to open itself to a whole new set of
investors who would be willing to invest (Figure 12.3). The initial selling
pressure could be absorbed by the new set of investors. The price drop
could attract new financial addicts, as well as short-term traders willing
to wait for the next six months. Doors open for event bettors to make
a bet as well. Value investors may find the price attractive. A price drop
297

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

Figure 12.3 The Potential Investor Base
could make the dividend yield attractive and mutual funds with focus
on dividend yields could be potential buyers.
This is just a simple way of depicting how investor behavior-based
finance would work. Now, let us get into the details, to see how one can
really study individual investors from their trading and past investment
patterns after having mapped them and made a reasonable estimate as
to how the stock price would be affected.

12.8 ESTIMATING STOCK PRICE MOVEMENT:
A CASE STUDY
The Sun Corporation wants to acquire the Moon Corporation, which
is one-third of its size. It wants to pay a 30% premium. The directors
do not want the stock price to fall more than 10% as a result. The
decision rests with 60 large active investors.
The investor base comprises the following.
Star Fund, the largest investor, holds 10 lakh shares. A fundamental
analyst and a strategy junky hold 3% of Sun (below 5% official limit,
but 5 times daily average volume as against the 4 times official limit).
Cloud Fund, another significant investor holds five lakh shares, and is
298

Investor Behavior Based Finance

critical of the acquisition strategy, due to loss of jobs. During Sun’s last
acquisition, Cloud had sold four lakh shares. Cloud is a ‘blaster’1 .
Although Star Fund invests on the fundamentals of a company and
understands and believes in the strategy of the company, it will not be
able to increase its position, even if it likes the move of the company. It
has not exceeded its limit of 5% prescribed by the organization. It is
only holding 3%. However, the fund manager has exceeded the daily
average limit of four times the average daily turnover. Last time, the
fund manager had to obtain special permission from the board to exceed
this limit. Reluctantly, the Board had agreed to the same. Hence, any
additional investment coming from this fund was out of question. The
company was reasonably confident that there would be no selling
pressures either.
As against this, the Cloud Fund does not like acquisition strategies as
it leads to loss of jobs and low morale. Its track record also shows that it
becomes a seller on such acquisitions. So, this time the Star management
can expect a sale of five lakh shares coming from Cloud. Since Cloud is
a blaster, it can create a huge impact on the price. Because of this, the
Star management feels that the dent in price could be a good opportunity
for financial addicts and event bettors to enter.
• After mapping 60 investors, the company finds that15 investors
would buy 25 lakh shares,
• 12 would maintain the status quo,
• 18 investors would sell 31 lakh shares, and
• 15 investors are difficult to predict.
This would be a rough estimate the company would reach. A
regression analysis of the same would give the following results:
• Five to seven lakh shares would be sold, and
• The stock price is predicted to fall 6% to 8%
This being in tune with the thinking of the Star management, the
Board would be confident to go ahead with the acquisition. This results
in huge gains for the company, as it is able to build trust and faith with
1 There are two types of sellers: blasters and bleeders. Blasters sell their stock at one go

and create a temporary dent in the price. Bleeders on the other hand sell small lots of
stocks every day for an extended period of time. This could see the stock stagnating
for a long period and frustrate the existing holders

299

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

the investing community. It would also help in its strategy
implementation, as the feedback of its action is measurable. Needless to
say, such transparency with the investors will lead to less stock volatility.
Such a proactive approach leads to better-informed decisions and
investor-friendly strategies.

12.9 CONCLUSION
12.9.1 Why Investor Behavior-Based Finance?
Financial markets are growing all over the world. Every country needs
to attract capital for its growth and what better route can there be than
the stock markets? Borders are opening up and, with the use of new
technologies such as the internet, information is available to all. Thus,
financial markets have become very fluid. With the click of a button,
transactions take place. This has led to growth of an investing class
hungry for investing opportunities to make a fast buck. The chaos in
the market along with the emotions of greed and fear have created
investors who are very short-sighted and unpredictable.
It is important to understand the behavior of these investors so that
we can manage their perceptions and, thereby, control the volatility in
the stock prices due to their actions. They are the stakeholders of a
corporation and understanding their behavior will help the corporation
to manage its stock volatility.
12.9.2 What are the Benefits?
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Identifying and mapping investor behavior leads to better
understanding of the investor base
Being proactive leads to informed decisions
Increase faith and trust with investors
Transparency leads to investor-friendly strategies
Make stock price less volatile
Manage investor perceptions
Create better understanding of the company
Manage irrational behavior of investors
Completes the missing link with employees, customers and
suppliers
300

BIBLIOGRAPHY
Bernstein, Peter; Against the Gods: The Remarkable Story of Risk; Wiley (August 31,
1998).
Bogle, John; Bogle on Mutual Funds: New Perspectives for the Intelligent Investor;
Dell (October 4, 1994).
Browne, Christopher; The Little Book of Value Investing; Wiley (September 22, 2006).
Buffett, Warren; Letters to Shareholders of Berkshire Hathaway Inc.;
http://www.berkshirehathaway.com/letters/letters.html
Buffett, Warren; The Super-investors of Graham and Doddsville; Hermes, The
Columbia Business School Magazine (April 1984).
Cialdini, Robert; Influence: The Psychology of Persuasion; Collins Business, Revised
edition (December 26, 2006).
Cunningham Lawrence; The Essays of Warren Buffett: Lessons for Corporate America;
Wiley, Revised and Updated Edition (April 9, 2002).
Daniel Kahneman, Paul Slovic, and Amos Tversky; Judgment under Uncertainty:
Heuristics and Biases; Cambridge University Press (April 30, 1982).
Dreman, David; Contrarian Investment Strategies in the Next Generation; Simon &
Schuster (May 18, 1998).
Ellis, Charles; Winning the Loser’s Game: Timeless Strategies for Successful Investing;
McGraw-Hill, 4th edition (March 14, 2002).
Fisher, Philip; Common Stocks and Uncommon Profits and Other Writings; Wiley
(September 4, 2003).

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance
Franklin, Benjamin; The Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin; Touchstone
(December 23, 2003).
Galbraith, John Kenneth; A Short History of Financial Euphoria; Penguin (July 1,
1994).
Galbraith, John Kenneth; The Great Crash of 1929; Mariner Books (April 30, 1997).
Graham, Benjamin and Dodd, David; Security Analysis: The Classic 1934 Edition;
McGraw-Hill (October 1, 1996).
Graham, Benjamin and Meredith, Spencer; The Interpretation of Financial Statements;
Collins Business (May 6, 1998).
Graham Benjamin; Intelligent Investor; Collins Business, Revised edition (2003).
Greenblatt, Joel; The Little Book That Beats the Market; Wiley (November 19, 2005).
Greenblatt, Joel; You Can Be a Stock Market Genius; Fireside (February 25, 1999).
Greenwald, Bruce; Value Investing: From Graham to Buffett and Beyond; Wiley
(January 26, 2004).
Hagstrom, Robert; Latticework: The New Investing; Texere (November 17, 2000).
Hagstrom, Robert; The Warren Buffett Portfolio: Mastering the Power of the Focus
Investment Strategy; Wiley (January 1, 1999).
Hagstrom, Robert; The Warren Buffett Way; Wiley (October 4, 2005).
Kaufman, Michael; Soros: The Life and Times of a Messianic Billionaire; Knopf
(February 19, 2002).
Kaufman, Peter; Poor Charlie’s Almanack: The Wit and Wisdom of Charles
T. Munger; Walsworth Publishing Company (2005).
Kindelberger, Charles; Manias, Panics, and Crashes: A History of Financial Crises;
Wiley, 5th edition (2005).
Klarman, Seth; Margin of Safety: Risk-Averse Value Investing Strategies for the
Thoughtful Investor; HarperCollins (October 1991).
Le Bon, Gustave; The Crowd; Dover Publications (January 8, 2002).
Lefevre Edwin; Reminiscences of a Stock Operator; Wiley; Revised edition (January
17, 2006).
Lowe, Janet; Benjamin Graham on Value Investing: Lessons from the Dean of Wall
Street; Penguin (Non-Classics) (March 1, 1996).
Lowe, Janet; The Rediscovered Benjamin Graham: Selected Writings of the Wall
Street Legend; Wiley (April 15, 1999).
Lowe, Janet; Warren Buffett Speaks: Wit and Wisdom from the World’s Greatest
Investor; Wiley, 2nd edition (August 31, 2007).
Lowenstein Roger; When Genius Failed: The Rise and Fall of Long-Term Capital
Management; Random House (October 9, 2001).
Lowenstein, Roger; Buffett: The Making of an American Capitalist; Random House
(August 22 1995).
Lynch, Peter; Beating the Street; Simon & Schuster; Revised edition (May 25, 1994).
Lynch, Peter; One up on Wall Street; Simon & Schuster; 2nd edition (April 3, 2000).

302

Bibliography
Mackay, Charles; Extraordinary Popular Delusions and the Madness of Crowds; Wiley
(1995).
Malkiel, Burton; A Random Walk Down Wall Street: The Time-Tested Strategy for
Successful Investing; W. W. Norton, 9th edition (December 24, 2007).
Mauboussin, Michael; More Than You Know: Finding Financial Wisdom in
Unconventional Places; Columbia University Press (September 26, 2007).
Pabrai Mohnish; The Dhandho Investor: The Low-Risk Value Method to High Returns;
Wiley (April 6, 2007).
Rogers, Jim; Hot Commodities: How Anyone Can Invest Profitably in the World’s
Best Market; Random House (March 27, 2007).
Schwed, Fred; Where Are the Customers’ Yachts: A Good Hard Look at Wall Street;
Wiley 2006.
Siegel, Jeremy; Stocks for the Long Run; McGraw-Hill; 4th edition (November 27,
2007).
Siegel, Jeremy; The Future for Investors: Why the Tried and the True Triumph Over
the Bold and the New; Crown Business (March 8, 2005).
Shefrin, Hersh; Beyond Greed and Fear: Understanding Behavioral Finance and the
Psychology of Investing; Oxford University Press, USA; 1st edition (May 16, 2007).
Smith Adam; Money Game; Vintage (August 12, 1976).
Smith, Adam; Supermoney; Wiley (May 26, 2006).
Soros George; The Alchemy of Finance; Wiley (July 29, 2003).
Straker, David; Changing Minds: in Detail; Syque Press (2008).
Surowiecki, James; The Wisdom of Crowds; Anchor (August 16, 2005).
Taleb, Nassim Nicholas; Fooled by Randomness: The Hidden Role of Chance in Life
and in the Markets; Random House; 2nd Updated edition (August 23, 2005).
Taleb, Nassim Nicholas; The Black Swan: The Impact of the Highly Improbable;
Random House; 1st edition (April 17, 2007).
Tim Koller, Marc Goedhart, and David Wessels; Valuation: Measuring and Managing
the Value of Companies; Wiley; 4th edition (June 8, 2005).
Train, John; Money Masters of Our Time; Collins Business (May 13, 2003).
Tweedy Browne Company LLC; What has worked in Investing.
Whitman, Martin; The Aggressive Conservative Investor; Wiley; Updated edition
(November 4, 2005).
Williams, John Burr; The Theory of Investment Value; Fraser Publishing Co. (June 1,
1997).
Zweig, Jason; Your Money and Your Brain: How the New Science of Neuroeconomics
Can Help Make You Rich; Simon & Schuster (August 1, 2007).

303

GLOSSARY
BEHAVIORAL FINANCE
Ambiguity Effect: When people make choices, sometimes they have a good
understanding of the probability of something happening, while at other times the
situation is ambiguous. In such situations, people are more likely to choose the former
situation, preferring certainty over uncertainty. This is termed as ambiguity effect.
Example: Reasoning of a retail investor highlights ambiguity effect: ‘I know that there is
at best a moderate chance of my earning a moderate return by following the advice of
my current investment advisor, whom I have known for a while. There is a possibility
that the advisor recommended by my best friend is a far better investment adviser than
the present one. But rather than ‘risking it’, I will just continue with my present adviser.’
Anchoring Heuristic: We tend to base estimates and decisions on known ‘anchors’ or
familiar positions, with an adjustment relative to this starting point. We are better at
relative thinking as compared to absolute thinking. This is referred to as anchoring
heuristic.
Example: Say you own a stock and you have seen the price going up to Rs. 2000.
However, when the price is Rs.1500, you get some bad news about the company and
you are recommended to sell it. You are most unlikely to sell as in all probability you
would be anchored to the high price of Rs. 2000. Had the stock not touched Rs. 2000
and would have been around Rs. 1500, you would have most likely sold it. The
absence of the anchor makes decisions easier.
Availability Bias: We make a judgment based on what we can remember, rather than
complete data. In particular, we use this for judging frequency or likelihood of events.
Various factors can affect availability. Things which are easier to imagine, for example,

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance
if they are very vivid they make themselves more available. Things which are
uncomfortable to think about can push people into denial, making these thoughts
unavailable. This may be the reason why we seem sometimes egocentric because our
own experiences are more available to us.
Example: We buy stocks, which are the current flavor of the markets, which are
recommended by leading analysts and brokers and which we hear about in the news
media. In such cases, availability heuristic is at play. We act on this readily available
information, which is vividly displayed.
Belief Perseverance: Once we have our faith in something, we try to stick to it, even in
the face of disconfirming evidence. In particular if other people are aware of our
belief, it can be embarrassing when we fail to establish that assertion. It is also difficult
to abandon a belief which has been woven into a wider web of belief, without disturbing
those other beliefs.
Example: An IPO investor says to himself, ‘All my friends know that I subscribed to
Reliance Power IPO. Now if I sell it at a loss, everybody will think I made a mistake.
I would rather wait for it to be quoted at above the issue price.’
Buyer’s Remorse: After we commit our capital into something, self-doubt triggers of
remorse or deep regret about having done something terribly wrong. In such times,
until you have deep conviction in your stand and are ready to face the uncertainty, it
becomes very difficult to hold on to that position.
Example: When people buy on tips, they are most susceptible to buyer’s remorse and
it is common to notice them shuffling their portfolios like a pack of cards because they
lack the conviction to stick to their investments.
Bystander Effect: When there is an emergency and the more bystanders there are, the
less likely it is that any of them will actually help. Mass ignorance is when they assume
nothing is wrong because nobody else looks concerned.
Example: When all my friends are investing in the markets, I guess that investing in
equity is not risky. May be they know something that is unknown to me. Let me try
my luck at investing.
Cognitive Dissonance: Cognitive dissonance emerges when we believe something about
ourselves and then do something against that belief feel the discomfort. This feeling of
discomforting tension comes from holding two conflicting thoughts in the mind at the
same time.
Example: Investors can find all kinds of reasons to explain away their mistakes because
they cannot accept the alternative, which is to accept that they were simply ignorant
or wrong.
Commitment Theory: A commitment is a public or private decision to act. If we make
a commitment, we often feel bound to follow through with it, out of fear of social

306

Glossary
rejection. When we are committed to something, we will not change our minds very
easily, especially if that commitment is known publicly.
Example: Investment bankers who volunteer to help an enterprise by raising capital
from the markets are prone to over estimate the fair value of the business. In doing so,
they keep up with their recommendation to buy even when the economics of the
business behind the stock is falling.
Confirmation Bias: When we have made a decision or a hypothesis, we will actively
seek things to confirm it and also avoid things which will disconfirm this. The alternative
is to face the dissonance of being wrong. We use this approach both for searching for
confirmation in our memory and in the external world.
Example: After buying a stock, some search for an expensive stock in the same sector
to confirm that they have bought a bargain in the name of relative valuation.
Consistency Theory: When there is conflict between behavioral response that is
consistent with our core belief systems and a response that is consistent with social
norms, the potential threat of social exclusion sometimes leads us to go against our
deeply held convictions and respond as is consistent with social setting, in spite of the
significant discomfort it causes deep down. In social proof, there is an absence of
knowledge about what is the right thing to do; however, as per consistency theory,
inspite of indication that we might be wrong in following the crowd, we get influenced
to conform to and persist with irrational behavior.
Example: If a friend recommends an outright by expensive stock, you will feel bad if
you do not follow his advice. Hence, you end up investing in spite of evidence indicating
a mistake in advance.
Contrast Effect: When we make decisions, we tend to do it by contrasting between
the decision item and reference items. When two things appear close to each other, we
will tend to evaluate them against each other more than against a fixed standard.
Example: If somebody recommends the most expensive stock in a fancy sector, people
investing in a less expensive stock within the same sector convince themselves that
they have got a good bargain to invest in it.
Control Theory: We have a deep need for control that itself, paradoxically, controls
much of our lives. The endless effort to control can make us miserable as we fail in this
impossible task of trying to control everything and everyone around us. The alternative
is to see the world as a series of choices.
Example: We presume that we know our investments in and out. But, it is only on
cross-checking from time to time while explaining it to the like-minded friends that
we get an opportunity to realize how much do we actually know about it.
Endowment Effect: When we own something, we tend to value it more highly.
Accordingly, if we have to sell it, we will probably ask for more than its real worth.

307

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance
Example: How many times have you found yourself giving a higher limit to your
broker to sell a stock and giving a lower limit to buy a stock? This is inspite of the
broker informing you the price prevailing in the market. You want more for what
you hold and are willing to pay less for what the other one owns.
External Justification: When we do something that causes discomforting cognitive
dissonance, we tend to justify it by blaming it on external factors. This is opposed to
internal justification, where in we attribute it to our character or some personal trait
or belief.
Example: When you last had an investment loss, did you blame yourself? Or did you
blame the investment adviser, broker, CNBC or somebody else?
False Consensus Effect: Human beings do not weigh information in total isolation
from the situation. Their pre conceived notions influence how they come to perceive
any given situation. In the absence of complete information and biased approach
toward gathering and responding to information, it is only natural that our perception
is subject to crude approximations. We approximate by drawing consensus through
discounting the views held by our friends, acquaintainces and reading books. In the
process, how strongly we want to substantiate something has an effect on how we
weigh information while making decisions. This lopsidedness in reaching a consensus
based on the assimilation of widespread information is known as false consensus effect.
Example: Optimism over an investment is high following the buy decision made by
us. However, with the passage of time we realize that if we have missed discounting
the key negatives. The sooner one gets over the cloud-nine effect, the better would it
be to realize any mistakes and reduce the losses.
Framing Effect: A frame is a combination of beliefs, values, attitudes, and mental
models, which we use to perceive a situation. We effectively look through this frame
in the same way as we would look through tinted spectacles. The frame significantly
affects how we infer from and understand the situation. Kahneman and Tversky define
a decision frame as ‘the decision-maker’s conception of the act, outcomes, and
contingencies associated with a particular choice.’
Example: I see a stock as a long-term investment opportunity. My friend sees it as a
chance to make a good short-term speculative gain. My son sees it as a candidate for
an arbitrage opportunity.
Fundamental Attribution Error: When we are trying to understand and explain what
happens in social settings, we tend to view behavior as a particularly significant factor.
We then tend to explain behavior in terms of internal disposition, such as personality
traits, abilities, motives, etc., as opposed to external situational factors. This can be
due to our focus on the person more than his/her situation, about which we may
know very little. We also know little about how they interpret the situation.
When we are playing the role of an observer, we make this fundamental attribution
error. When we are thinking about ourselves, however, we tend to make situational
attributions.

308

Glossary
Example: Taking credit for the investment successes and finding excuses for the losses
incurred is a common behavioral trait among majority of the investors, financial advisors
and fund managers.
Group Think: Groups sometimes falls into a line of thinking wherein the maintenance
of the group’s cohesion and togetherness becomes all-important and results in very
bad decision making.
Group think happens most often when the group is already cohesive, and isolated
from conflicting opinions, and the leader is open and gives directions. The lack of a
formal decision making process is also common. Problem-solving and task-oriented
groups are particularly susceptible to this problem. Resulting decisions are often based
on incomplete information and don’t take cognizance of alternatives and risks.
Example: The most conducive environment leading to group think is when no single
person is to be held responsible for the mistakes made and also when performance in
itself has little to do with the compensation of fund managers. A good example is the
investment committees in government-controlled financial institutions.
Halo Effect: When we consider a person good (or bad) in one category, we are likely
to make a similar evaluation of him/her in other categories. It seems as if we cannot
easily separate categories. It can also be connected with tendency to avoid dissonance
as making them good in one thing and bad in another would make an overall evaluation
(which we do anyway) difficult.
Example: Just because somebody has invested a lot of his/her savings in equities, it
does not mean that he has the competence to invest wisely or spot bargains in the
markets. An investor having made a fortune in the bull market is not necessarily nor
evidently a smart investor.
Herding: Herding is a tendency to get in groups to ensure safety. The common benefit
to the group as a whole is more than the loss in terms of sharing the resources. This
strikes as a selfless act but in reality it is a trade-off where safety and common sharing
go hand in hand. The size of herd varies as the benefits and the costs associated change
with the inclusion of new members.
Example: It is difficult for an investor to ‘think out of the box’ and stand outside the
pack consistently for longer period of time. It requires an unflinching conviction in
one’s ability to withstand being called a failure until the culmination of the struggle.
And this difficulty leads people to get together in mental herds, wherein everybody
holds the same belief as most others around him. If everybody around you is wrong,
you don’t mind being wrong as long as you have company.
Hindsight Bias: It can be embarrassing when things happen unexpectedly. To
cover up this embarrassment, we will tend to view things which have already happened
as being relatively inevitable and predictable. This can be caused by the reconstructive
nature of memory. We do not have a perfect memory and tend to ‘fill in the gaps’. This
is also known as the ‘I-knew-it-all-along’ effect, reflecting a common response to a surprise.

309

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance
Example: During the technology boom, technology stocks were over priced. Everyone
knew about it but kept holding on to the stocks. When the markets crashed and
investors lost money, everyone blamed the excessive valuations. Did everyone not
know about it?
Illusion of Personal Invulnerability: Human beings tend to overestimate their own
abilities and underestimate other’s competence. An extension of this tendency is a
condition called ‘illusion of personal invulnerability,’ wherein people perceive less
risk for themselves on the ground of their high estimate of their ability to control the
situation.
Example: Fund managers MBAs from 1vy League shools and working in high positions
in big multinational corporations hold this illusion of personal invulnerability. They
miss out on the important point that in markets, it is experience that counts rather
than educational qualifications and positions.
Information Bias: While taking a decision, we generally seek data on which to rationally
base the choice. This goes wrong when we assume that all information is useful and
‘more is better’. Sometimes, extra information adds no significant value, rather it
simply serves to confuse.
Example: Fund managers listen to a lot of brokers and take information on stocks.
They believe that more information is more knowledge. However, it leads to
information overload and noise. This is done by them more to justify their decision
should it go wrong. More information gives them the safety of numbers.
Information Cascades: Information cascade underlies a situation in which every
subsequent factor, based on the observations of others, leads to the same choice without
thinking. Sometimes, when the imitation involves a wrong anchor, the information
cascade can lead to devastating results for the group as a whole.
Example: During the speculative excesses, a common behavior observed among investors
shows an interesting example of information cascade. People seem to cease to reason
on their own and simply imitate the actions of others believing that it is the easiest
way to make money. When majority of the people get into this sort of behavior,
information cascade results in bubbles wherein reality is in sharp contrast to the
underlying fundamentals. Around 70% of all mutual funds portfolios in a similar
category will have the same stocks.
Instant Gratification: When faced with the choice between realizing a benefit now
and a better one far into the future, some people tend to choose the former option as
they don’t have the emotional discipline to withstand the curiosity and delay
gratification.
Example: The allure of instant gratification plays an important part in investor stock
preference. Growth stocks satisfy this impulse. This is also one of the reasons for
momentum investing. Value investing does not find flavor because it requires patience.

310

Glossary
Justification of Effort: People tend to work hard in order to be successful. This not
only involves making enough money to stay alive and comfortable but also move up
in the social hierarchy. How we are perceived by our colleagues and friends has a
special bearing on self-perception. With such incentives, it is quite natural that the
desire to justify our efforts to ourselves and our peers, as heading toward the right
direction is deeply ingrained in our belief system. In the process, we tend to look for
evidence to justify our effort.
Example: Some people find it hard to sell the under performing stocks just because it
nullifies all the effort that had gone into making that investment. Analysts prepare
long reports with a lot of charts and tables and historical data to show the amount of
their efforts. This makes the research report attractive as a lot of efforts seem to have gone in.
Myopic Loss Aversion: The pain of a loss is three times more than the pleasure of an
equal amount of gain. Investors are not risk-averse or else they would not enter the
markets. But they are loss-averse. They will shy away from any opportunity where
there is a potential loss. For any investment decision, one must weigh the risk–reward
ratio and then take an investment decision. However, investors become loss-averse
when even the slightest hint of a loss lurks in their minds.
Example: Investors hold on to losing investments knowing fully well their loss. They
sell winners too fast. When the markets go down, investors flee the stock markets and
go for fixed-income securities. These are all examples of myopic loss aversion.
Overconfidence Barrier: We tend to have too much confidence in the accuracy of our
own judgments. As we find out more about a situation, the accuracy of our judgments
may well not increase, but our confidence will, as we equate quantity with quality.
Confidence also tends to increase if we are given incentives to perform well.
Example: If one has been lucky to have well performing stocks in one’s portfolio due
to the overall bullish conditions in the market, one tends to be overconfident about
one’s abilities. From 2003 onwards till some time ago, there has been a fantastic bull
run with everyone investing in stocks and making money. This has created a band of
investors, fund managers, and analysts overconfident about their abilities and knowledge.
Planning Fallacy: It is a fact that future is full of uncertainties. However, people in an
organization working towards a common goal get rewarded for beating the odds and
making the best-case scenario happen. Nobody takes No for an answer these days.
With such incentives, it is pertinent that people portray future in the light of certainty.
And right from planning a dinner for a family gathering to projecting the capital
outlay for a new plant, this behavioral anomaly can lead us to mispredict the future
probabilities and plan inappropriately. The planning fallacy will become clearer in
the following example.
Example: Managements are very susceptible to planning fallacy while providing a
timeline for their new projects coming on stream. It is no surprise to currently see

311

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance
most of the projects getting delayed and investors getting upset it. Managers are human
beings and susceptible to mistakes as well. It does not make them out bad managers if
sometimes things are out of their control. When making investment decisions based
on such management claims, it is important to know that things may not turn out as
planned.
Rationalization Trap: When acting to reduce dissonance, one can end up with as a
whole set of justifications and rationalizations that lead to ridiculous or even immoral
actions. Like Pinocchio’s nose, one defense leads to another until we are all out of shape.
The trick is to avoid unthinking reaction, and tolerate dissonance for long enough to be
able to decide on a more appropriate action.
Example: When your friend tries to justify his investment in a hot sector or a much
hyped IPO, try and see if his reasoning is sound or if he is simply rationalizing his
stance by creating value out of thin air.
Recency Effect: Given a list of items to remember, we tend to remember the last few
things more than the ones in the middle. This happens because we are not blessed
with unlimited memory and recent experiences are easier to recall than the past hidden
ones.
Example: We tend to be swayed by the recency factor. Hence, we buy stocks when we
see a lot of brokers recommending the same and analysts talking about them on TV
shows and the print media. This remains fresh in our minds and affects our decision
making. There is so much of advertisement and noise before the launch of an IPO
that creates the recency effect with investors flocking to buy such IPOs.
Regret Theory: As per the Prospect theory losses are three times more painful as
compared to the pleasure experienced by a gain of similar magnitude. What is the
reason behind this anomaly? The answer is that people hate regret and losses produce
regret. Sometimes, with the sole view of insuring themselves against future loss and
regret, people weigh only the negatives and let the potential of regret influence their
decision-making process. As the old saying goes, ‘nothing ventured, nothing gained,’
one should learn to see the potential and chances of regret in light of the potential for
gain while making decisions and not let the prospect of regret cloud their thinking.
Example: When some people decide to buy a stock, they are so terrified of buying a
heap of junk that they read whatever they can on the company or ask lots of
knowledgeable friends about the investment idea. And sometimes they simply listen
to other people’s advice rather than buying the stock, which they think is a great bet.
Representative Heuristic: People tend to judge the probability of an event by finding
a ‘comparable known’ event and assuming that the probabilities are similar. As a part
of drawing meaning from what we experience, we need to classify things. If something
does not fit exactly into a known category, we will approximate with the nearest class
available.

312

Glossary
Example: If Tata Steel prforms extraordinarily, investors will rush to buy Essar Steel.
Their representative thinking makes them believe that Essar Steel will perform similarily.
Round Trip Fallacy: Consider the following statement: “All successful people are
hard workers.” Should we thus conclude that all hard workers are successful people?
Definitely not. Hard work is one of the most important attributes of successful people
but it is not the single one.
Example: Most of the cheap stocks generally have low or moderate P/E ratios and high
only in exceptional cases. However, while believing that all low P/E stocks would
necessarily be cheap stocks, one exposes oneself to “Round Trip Fallacy”.
Scarcity Principle: In our need to control our world, being able to choose is an
important freedom. If something becomes scarce, we anticipate possible regret that
we did not acquire it, and so we desire it more. This desire is increased further if we
think that someone else might get it and hence gain social position that we might have
had.
Example: The upper price circuit in stocks enforced by the stock exchanges creates the
scarcity effect. On a particular day when there are more buyers than sellers, the stocks
hit the upper price circuit and cannot go beyond it on that day. This illusion of
scarcity leads to more buyers chasing the stock and next day it again gets frozen at still
a higher upper circuit.
Investment bankers create scarcity while advertising IPOs. Is it not true that the
stock will be available for investment post the listing of the stock on the stock exchange?
Is it also not known that most of the IPOs tend to trade at a level below their issue
price after the mania in the sector or the bull market ends?
Self-Fulfilling Prophecy: If a person thinks us clever or stupid, he/she will treat us
accordingly. If we are thus treated we tend to act, and even become so. The person
thus has had his/her prophecy about us fulfilled.
Example: When everybody is convinced that a particular sector is going to be the
fancy of the stock market, the demand for stocks in that sector results in short-term
speculative profits which, in turn, validates the stand taken by the public creating a
self-fulfilling prophecy. It lasts until the whole bubble bursts under its own weight.
Self-Serving Bias: Self-serving bias is our tendency to take credit for success and deny
any responsibility for failure. This protects our ego and enables us to confirm that we
are meeting our goals. We will tend to be less self-serving if other factors interrupt, for
example, public scrutiny.
Example: Investors buy good as well as bad stocks. But, they tend to take the credit for
good stocks for themselves blame others for the bad stocks. Fund managers are known
to take credit for their good performing stocks, while for the non-performing stocks
they blame the brokers or the market conditions.

313

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance
Social Contagion: Emotion can spread rapidly through large crowds, as the massive
social proof leads us into extreme situations. This explains much of crowd behavior,
whereby ‘normal’ people act in ways they may later deeply regret.
Example: Just watching people and friends around subscribing to over-priced IPOs
leads hordes of people not even familiar with the equity investment process to open
demat accounts and join the mad rush.
Sunk Cost Effect: When we put efforts into something, we are often reluctant to pull
out fearing losses we might incur, even if continued refusal to jump off the ship will
lead to even more loss. The potential dissonance of accepting a mistake ties us to blind
hope.
Example: When technolgy stocks were sinking from their high point, sunk cost fallacy
not only induced investors not to sell but also buy more at falling prices. Sunk cost
effect makes investors average the cost of purchase.
Winner’s Curse: When lot of people after a scare resource and also the real value of the
resource is not precisely calculable, the winner of the race can end up over paying for
that resource and making a bad investment.
Example: In a competitive bidding process, the winner always pays more. This is very
evident in corporate takeovers. Tata Tea acquired Tetely of UK in December 1999
bidding 20% higher than the competitor. Satyam Infoway bought World Com at
2000 times the earnings, which led to huge losses in Sify over the next several years.

FINANCE
Asset Class: An asset class represents a group of securities that have the same underlying
asset type, behave similarly in the marketplace, and are subject to the same laws and
regulations. The three main asset classes are equities, fixed-income securities, and cash
equivalents (money market instruments). In addition to these are real estate and
commodities.
Bear Market: Bear markets are characterized by excessive pessimism, and loss of investor
confidence resulting in downward trend in the stock prices. Investors’ interest in
stocks remains very low and they go after fixed-income securities.
Beta: Beta is a measure of the volatility of a stock or portfolio as compared to the rest
of the financial market, which are the broader indices like Sensex or Nifty. A beta of
greater than 1 indicates that the security’s price has been more volatile than the market
in the past and can be expected to be so in the future. For example, if a stock’s beta is
1.2, it is theoretically 20% more volatile than the market.

314

Bull Market: Bull markets are characterized by all round investor optimism and positive
expectations resulting in an upward trend in the prices of an asset class. Many a times,
bull market happens to be a result of improvements in the corporate performance and
the change in the economy resulting in optimism about the future. It can also be due
to irrational investor behavior as it happened during the Harshad Mehta-driven 1992–
1993 rally and the 1999–2000 technology bubble.
Capital Structure: Capital structure denotes the ratio of debt, common equity, and
preferred equity in the overall capitalization of the firm. The capital structure helps
understand how a firm finances its operations and growth by using different sources of
funds. Usually, when people refer to capital structure, they refer to a firm’s debt–equity
ratio, which provides quick insights into how financially sound a company is.
Debt-Equity Ratio: Debt-Equity is a financial ratio used to map the leverage that an
enterprise has in comparison to its equity. This ratio has two important implications
for an equity investor. First, it indicates the financial strength of an enterprise. A low
ratio indicates strong financial position of the enterprise as any possible business
downturn could be dealt with comfortably. Second, a debt incurs a fixed interest cost
to be paid from the earnings every year. In case of lower return of capital and assets
resulting in lower profitability, the creditors eat into the share of
equity shareholders’ profits., i.e., dividends are often reduced or omitted when times
are bad so as to continue the payment of interest to creditors.
Discounted Cash Flow: Discounted cash flow (DCF) is the most commonly used
valuation method for calculating the intrinsic value of an enterprise. In DCF, the
estimated future cash inflow and outflow from the business are taken into consideration,
and the net cash flow are discounted using net present value calculations and an
appropriate discount rate. As any other tool, DCF also has its disadvantages. It is only
as good as the estimates and the assumptions used. As an investor, one would do well
by using realistic and conservative estimates while using DCF.
Earnings before Interest and Tax: Earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) is used
while comparing firms with different capital structures and tax outgo. The advantage
of using EBIT instead of profit before tax (PBT) or profit after tax (PAT) is that it
helps in a better understanding of the operational efficiency of an enterprise and its
place within an industry. Also, in spite of the fact that interest costs and tax outgo are
real cash expenses incurred in running the enterprise, they prevent an investor from
developing a better understanding of how well the operations are carried out by the
company as compared to its rivals. In effect, even though it does not serve as an
indicator of cash earning and power of a firm, it is a useful tool to make comparative
analysis of companies within an industry.
Earnings Per Share: As the name suggests, earnings per share (EPS) is the total profit
divided by the total number of shares outstanding. It serves as a quick indicator of a
company’s profit accruing to equity holders.

315

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance
Economic Moat: Economic moat denotes the competitive advantage enjoyed by an
incumbent enterprise in its line of operations over any new entrants, who can turn
out to be competitors. The economic moat can result from any of the following:
having a well-known brand occupying a favorable place in consumers’ mind, regulations
acting as a barrier against the entry of new competitors, pricing power from low-cost
structure, advantage of scale, etc.
Efficient Market Theory: Efficient market theory states that existing share prices always
incorporate and reflect all the relevant information making it impossible to beat the
market consistently. As per the theory stocks always trade around their fair value,
making it impossible for investors to purchase undervalued stocks. However, it is
rightly pointed out that ‘experience is what happens when you are looking for something
else’. Experience teaches us that efficient market theory does not work especially in
the short run due to irrational investor behavior.
Enterprise Value: Just as market capitalization maps the current market value of the
equity portion of an enterprise, the enterprise value is used to map the overall value of
the enterprise. It is calculated by adding debt to market capitalization and subtracting
excess cash and cash equivalents. Generally, while comparing companies, market
capitalization is used more often but sometimes, when one company has large amounts
of debt and the other is a debt-free company, it can turn out to be very misleading. At
such times, enterprise value is a better guide.
FERA Companies: The Foreign Exchange Regulation Act (FERA) was enacted in
1970s and all foreign companies operating in India were asked to either list their
shares on the Indian bourses or quit India. Some companies like Hindustan Lever,
Nestle, Colgate obliged but others like Coca Cola quit. Indian shareholders for the
first time had an opportunity to invest in the foreign companies. This was the beginning
of a new era in equity investing in India, and all these companies, which got listed,
were known as FERA companies. They soon became the stock market favorites and
mostly all of them commanded high PEs.
Fixed-Income Securities: Fixed-income securities, as the name suggests are securities
that provide periodic fixed returns in the form of interest income and the eventual
return of principal upon maturity. In light of predictable fixed cash inflow and outflow
from the securities, these are considered much less riskier than equities returns from
which are unpredictable. However, safety comes at a cost, as the real returns are not
attractive in the long run when inflation is taken into account. An example of fixedincome securities is Public Provident Funds, generally known as PPF.
Fundamental Analyst: A fundamental analyst is somebody who uses the trend of
earnings, strength of the balance sheet, and future estimates of potential earnings
while making an investment decision. The whole process is classified as fundamental
analysis.

316

Glossary
Gross Domestic Product: The Gross Domestic Product (GDP) is defined as the market
value of the total output produced within the country in any given year. The main
variables that have an impact on the GDP are consumption, investments, fiscal
expenditure, and net exports by the country. A related but less-known figure is Gross
National Product (GNP), which takes into consideration also the market value of the
goods produced by domestic companies outside the national boundary.
Growth Trap: Growth trap is defined well by Benjamin Graham in the following
quote: ‘Obvious prospects for growth do not translate into obvious profits for investors.’
An investment decision should not only take into consideration the hot initial growth
of a company but also factors like how much growth is already expected by the market
participants as is reflected in the market price and how much capital would be required
to achieve that growth. Many a times, the high expectations of investing community
from a company or an industry renders the growth meaningless and sometimes the
businesses require continuous capital outlays to register growth resulting in sub-optimal
use of capital. This leads to investors getting into the growth trap.
Index Funds: Index funds are mutual funds, whose portfolio is constructed to track
the components of the underlying market index, such as the Sensex or Nifty. An
index mutual fund provides broad market exposure, low operating expense, and low
portfolio turnover. This form of investing is often referred to as ‘Passive Investing.’
Inflation: Inflation is defined as the increase in the general level of prices of goods and
services over the corresponding period of the last calendar year. As inflation rises, the
availability of goods or services which can be bought by a unit of currency diminishes.
Initial Public Offering: Initial public offering (IPO) is the first sale of stock by a
private company to the public. IPOs are often issued by smaller, younger companies
seeking capital to expand, but can also be done by large privately owned companies
looking forward to become publicly traded.
Intrinsic Value: Intrinsic value of a company is the value of the cash that can be taken
out of a business discounted at an appropriate rate. This method of estimating an
intrinsic value requires a good understanding of the forces behind the profitability of
an enterprise and sustainability of those forces to produce future cash earnings.
Investment Banker: Investment banker is a financial intermediary who performs a
variety of services like managing IPOs, underwriting IPOs, advising on mergers and
acquisitions, facilitating corporate financing, acting as an intermediary between an
issuer of securities and the investing public, etc.
Laggards: Laggards denote stocks, which have under performed in the broader market
considerably. They can also be used interchangeably with out-of-favor stocks. Laggards
are subjected to all around negative bias toward them.

317

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance
Law of the Farm: ‘Law of the farm’ denotes a universal principle saying that you cannot
sow a seed today and reap tomorrow. It takes time for a seed to grow in to a tree. It has
to go through different seasons. There is no way that we can have a tree yield wonderful
results instantly. So is the case with investments. You just cannot hope to make a fast
buck by investing. During bubbles, most of the people try to do that in the hope of
making fortunes. Look at the successful investors around you. They are successful
because they could delay gratification and understood the law of the farm.
Nifty: Nifty comprises of 50 largest market capitalized companies listed on the National
Stock Exchange of India representing various sectors of economy.
Paper Gain (or) Loss: The stock prices change everyday. Based on those changes, any
day an investor can calculate his paper gain or loss. However, just because today’s
price makes an investment show a paper gain or loss has nothing to do with the
validity of the investment decision made. It only highlights the vagaries of stock market.
So if the value remains intact and the recent drop in stock price has only widened the
margin of safety, one should not panic at seeing a paper loss but rather should consider
whether the investment opportunity has become more attractive. The habit of using
stock prices to our advantage rather than becoming a slave to it by letting it influence
us is one of the most important requisites for investing wisely.
Price-to-Book Value Ratio: Price-to-book value ratio (P/B) is a financial ratio most
commonly used as a quick indicator of the attractiveness of an investment opportunity.
Just as a low price-to-earnings ratio is indicative of a potential bargain stock, a low
price-to-book value is also indicative of a potential bargain stock. However, as with
most other ratios, it must be remembered that this ratio varies across industries based
on the return on the capital and equity that the industry has earned in the recent past
and is reasonably expected to earn in the near future.
Price-to-Earnings Ratio: Price-to-earnings ratio (P/E) is the most commonly used
financial ratio. It is used as a quick indicator of any investment opportunity’s
attractiveness. It is the price one is paying in relation to its earnings. If the earnings are
Rs. 2 per share and the stock is trading at Rs. 20, the P/E is 10.
Public Sector Units: Public sector units are enterprises that are owned by the
government. They are a product of socialism. The motive behind setting up public
sector units was to ensure that the interest of the customers, i.e., citizens of the country
at large, would be put ahead of the motive of earning a profit from the business. A
recent example that truly highlights this is the case wherein oil marketing companies
had to absorb the sudden and immense price hike in a basic commodity like oil to
ensure that end customer does not get adversely affected.
Replacement Cost: Replacement cost is the cost that will have to be incurred to replace
an existing asset with a similar asset. In high inflationary conditions, replacement
costs play a dominant role in the valuation of equities.

318

Glossary
Return on Capital Employed: Return on capital employed is one of the most important
financial ratios with important implications for investors and managements alike. It is
calculated by dividing the EBIT by total capital employed in the business (market
capitalization plus debt minus excess cash). A large return indicates efficient use of
capital deployed in the business by the management and a low capital indicates
inefficient use of capital invested in the business operations. A business that is capable
of earning above 20% return on capital employed is always a much better business
than a business earnings 10% return on capital employed. And one of the most
important roles of the management is to ensure that the return on capital employed
stays handsome. As an investor, however, valuation at which such businesses are
available can change the equation drastically. This is where having the ability to combine
the qualitative factors with quantitative factors plays a huge role in making wise
investment decisions.
Risk–Reward Ratio: Any investment made entails exposure to a risk component. In
contrast, it also offers a reward in the form of interest payment or capital appreciation
in the future. One must weigh the risk–reward ratio when making investment decisions.
The idea is to acquire an asset with a well–balanced risk–reward ratio. In extremely
bullish times if one pays 80 times the earnings for a stock, then one is buying more
risk rather than reward. The risk-reward ratio is in that case against the investor.
Sensex: Sensex constitutes a group of largest capitalized 30 companies listed on the
Bombay Stock Exchange representing the important sectors of the economy.
Technical Analysis: Technical analysis is the act of comparing current price and volume
patterns to the price and volume pattern from the past. It deals with the demand–
supply of a particular stock and its effect on stock prices.
Tulip Mania: Tulip mania is one of the earliest known market bubbles in the financial
history. It dates back to early 1600s when speculation drove the value of Tulip bulbs,
a flower famous for its aesthetic values, to extremes in Holland. At the height of the
market, the rarest Tulip bulbs traded for as much as six times the average person’s
annual salary. Like any bubble, it all came to an end in 1637, when prices dropped
and panic selling began. Bulbs were soon trading at a fraction of what they once had,
leaving many people financially ruined.
Venture Capitalist: Venture capitalists are those who are in the business of investing
in the start-up companies. As the name suggests, the very nature of venture capitalism
is such that capitalists provide capital to get the venture started and reach a decent
size. The risk of the venture failing is high, but so is the reward when the venture
works out well.

319

INDEX
ACC, 90, 98, 100, 102, 103
Akruti City, 198, 267
Allahabad Bank, 149, 153
Ambiguity Effect, 64
Ambuja Cement, 128, 129, 230
Analyst, 132, 137, 144, 158, 165, 184
Anchoring, 166, 201
Andhra Bank, 149, 152
Andrew Yule & Company Ltd., 150
Angel Investors, 89, 199
Arvind Mills, 233, 234, 239
Asian Cables, 99, 97, 228, 233
Asset Inflation, 29
Attribution Bias, 275
Automobile, 97, 98, 99, 171
Availability Heuristics, 48, 49,
54, 268
Avoid the Bait, 241
Bajaj Auto, 228, 229, 233
Ballarpur Industries, 97, 99, 233
Balmer Lawrie & Co. Ltd., 152
Bank of Baroda, 152

Bank of India, 36, 239
Bank of Maharashtra, 21, 153
Banking, 140, 145, 146, 147, 153,
155, 157, 170, 172, 173
Base Rate information, 199
Bear Markets, 195, 200, 205, 211,
213, 270, 281
Behavioral Finance, 3, 35, 37, 39, 44,
218, 226, 277, 280, 281
Beta, 38
Bharat Earth Movers Ltd., 152
Bharat Electronics Ltd., 150, 152
Bharat Forge, 97, 98, 99, 100, 188, 227
Bharti Telecom, 55, 56
Bharti Televentures, 54, 235
BHEL, 138, 144, 150, 152, 158, 229
Bhushan Steel, 125
Birla Corp, 128, 129
Birla Group, 96, 98, 99
Black Monday, 28
Bombay Burma, 97, 99, 228, 233
Bombay Dyeing, 97, 99, 103, 229,
233

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance
Bongaigaon Refinery &
Petrochemicals, 151
BPCL, 44, 137, 138, 151, 238, 239
BSES, 229, 233
Bubble Trap, 245, 247, 248, 258
Bull Markets, 21, 77, 89, 194, 195
Buyer’s Remorse, 64
Bystander Effect, 93

Dalmia Abhishek, 283
Debt Reduction, 126, 133
Debt Trap, 122
De-indexing, 242, 243
Dena Bank, 151, 153
Dhampur Sugar, 126, 128
Dhirubhai Ambani, 95, 97, 185, 187
Discount Rate, 83, 84
Discounted Cash Flow, 45, 131,
289
Dividends, 26, 57, 86
Diviend Yield, 53, 86, 103
DLF Ltd., 220, 260
Dr. Reddy, 231
Dredging Corporation of India Ltd.,
144, 149

Canara Bank, 149, 153
Capital Appreciation, 53, 102, 103,
105
Capital goods, 110, 140, 165, 174,
175
Capital Structure, 46, 117, 124, 130
Capitalism, 52, 96, 135, 155
Castrol, 234, 235, 240
Ceat, 97, 99, 229, 233
Ceat Ltd., 229, 233
Century Textiles, 96, 97, 99, 102
Chasing Fads and Fancies, 49, 87, 90,
120
Chennai Petroleum Corp. Ltd., 138,
151
Chini, Balrampur 127, 128
Cipla Ltd., 235
Coca Cola, 95
Cognitive Psychology, 37
Colgate, 95, 229, 234, 240
Commodity Business, 122, 140, 179
Commodity Cycles, 115, 117, 121,
131
Commodity Stocks, 46, 115, 117, 119
Company Management, 274
Confirmation Trap, 66
Container Corporation of
India Ltd., 149, 153
Contrarian Investing, 59, 61, 63, 65
Conventional Wisdom, 49, 55, 56, 61
Corporation Bank, 152
Crompton Greaves, 97, 99, 100, 228
Crowd, 16, 27, 29, 33
Crowd Behavior, 16, 27, 114, 186

Earnings Per Share, 82, 118, 122
Economic Liberalization, 140
Efficient Market theory, 38, 285
EID Parry, 127
Emotional Quotient, 11
Endowment Effect, 200, 257
Engineers India Ltd., 151
Enterprise Value, 82, 84
Envy, 222, 248, 256
ET 500, 137
Eyeballs, 222, 250
False Consensus Effect, 63
Financial Addicts, 292, 297
Financial Crisis, 112
Fixed Income Securities, 15, 39
FMCG, 96, 109, 175
Follow the Herd, 49
Foreign Exchange Regulations Act, 95
Foreign Institutional Investors, 171,
253
Franklin Benjamin, 50
GAIL (India) Ltd., 152
GE Shipping, 228
George Fernandes, 95
George Santayana, 197
George Soros, 266

322

Index
Gillette, 47
Glaxo, 96, 231
Glaxo India, 231
Go with the Herd, 33, 92
Graham, Benjamin, 38, 41, 120, 121
Gray Market Premium, 186
Great Eastern Realty, 283
Greater Fool Theory, 186
Greed, 187, 200
Gross Domestic Product (GDP), 108,
256
Group Think, 63
Growth Momentum, 118, 133
Growth Stock, 42, 47, 89
Growth Trap, 59, 91, 102
GSFC, 230
Goleman Daniel, 11
Guj. Ambuja Cement, 234
Gujarat Alkalis & Chemicals Ltd., 151
Gujarat Mineral Development Corp.
Ltd., 152
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers Co.
Ltd., 152
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals
Ltd., 151
Gwalior Rayon, 96
Gwalior Rayon (G-rasim), 97

IBP Co. Ltd., 152
ICICI Bank Ltd, 234
IDBI, 151, 234
IFCI Ltd., 150
Illusion of Control, 64
Index Funds, 217
Index Investing, 184, 215
India Cement, 128
India Shining, 91, 262
Indian Hotels, 96, 235
Indian Oil Corp. Ltd., 151
Indian Organics, 97, 234
Indian Overseas Bank, 149
Indian Rayon, 96
Industrials, 99
Information Asymmetry, 268
Information Cascades, 94
Information Technology (IT), 177
Infosys Ltd., 178
Infosys Technologies, 234
Infrastructure, 213, 248
Initial Public Offerings, 51, 89
Instant Gratification, 9, 44, 275
Insurance Companies, 66
Interest Burden, 117, 133
Intrinsic Value, 61, 84, 279
Investment Bankers, 185, 187
Investors, 187
IPCL, 230
ITC, 97
ITI Ltd., 151

Halo Effect, 94
Harshad Mehta, 24, 90, 247
HCL Technologies, 221
HDFC Ltd., 235
Health Care, 176
Herd Mentality, 120, 165
Herding, 49, 65, 223
Hero Honda Motors, 235
Hindalco, 96, 98
Hindustan Copper Ltd., 150
Hindustan Lever Ltd., 95, 109
Hindustan Motors, 96, 234
Hindustan Organic Chemicals Ltd., 150
HMT Ltd., 151
House Money Effect, 275
HPCL, 137, 230

Jammu & Kashmir Bank, 149
Janata Dal Government, 95
JK Lakshmi, 128
John Maynard Keynes, 67
K1O Stocks, 94, 223
Kahneman Daniel, 44, 118
Kalyani Group, 98
Kirloskar Cummins, 97, 237
Kochi Refineries Ltd., 150
L&T, 110, 231

323

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance
Laggards, 119
Law of the Farm, 10, 89, 215
LIC Housing Finance Ltd., 151
Loss Aversion, 44, 241
Low Base Effect, 120, 125, 127

PE Expansion, 20, 33
PE Ratio, 62
Peer Pressure Effect, 93
Peico, Philips, 233
Pension Funds, 66, 295
Politicians. 8, 183
Portfolio Management Service,
Power, 99, 181
Premier Auto, 228
Price/Book value Heuristics, 46
Price/Earnings Heuristics, 45
Price/Sales Heuristics, 46
Price-value Gap, 86
Private Equities, 66
Process vs. Outcome, 41
Proctor and Gamble, 47
Professional Money Managers, 285
Promoters, 51, 187
Prospect Theory, 44
Psychological Constraints, 62
Psychological Denial, 123
Public Provident Funds (PPF), 15, 39
Public Sector Units, 135
Punjab Alkalis & Chemicals Ltd., 151

M&M, 231
Madras Cement, 128
Madras Fertilizers Ltd., 150
Maharashtra Electrosmelt Ltd., 153
Mahindra Realty, 283
Management Greed, 221
Management Watchers, 293
Maruti Udyog Ltd., 231
Metals, 97, 179
Modern Portfolio Theory, 38
MTNL, 144, 234
Mukand, 97
Multi Commodity Exchange of India,
268
Munger Charlie, 10, 20, 32
Mutual Funds, 156
Mysore Paper Mills Ltd., 150
National Fertilizers, 150, 251
NDA Government, 91, 262
Nestle, 95
Neyveli Lignite Corp. Ltd., 151
NIIT, 221
NMDC, 149
Non Resident Indians (NRIs), 66
Novartis, 234
NTPC, 138, 140

Quality of Management, 164, 225
Ranbaxy Lab, 233
Rashtriya Chemicals & Fertilizers Ltd.,
151
Rationalization Trap, 50
Real Estate, 48, 264
Recency Effect, 66, 201
Reliance Communications, 219, 222
Reliance Industries, 95, 181
Reliance Natural Resources Ltd.,
53, 260
Reliance Petroleum, 222
Reliance Power, 184, 254
Representativeness, 118, 142, 164
Return on Capital Employed
(ROCE), 81
Risk Aversion, 35, 39, 285
Risk-Reward Ratio, 39, 63, 76
Round Trip Fallacy, 119, 202

Oil and Gas, 149, 180
Oil Prices, 29, 154
ONGC, 137
Orbit Corporation, 198
Organization Watchers, 290
Organizational Constraints, 66
Oriental Bank of Commerce, 152
Oudh Sugar, 126
Overconfidence Bias, 92, 142
PE Contraction, 23

324

Index
TELCO, 96
Telecommunications, 48, 263
Theory of Replacement Cost, 90,
TISCO, 125
Tourism Finance Corp. of India, 150
Tracy, Brian, 3, 8
Tversky Amos, 44
Tweedy Browne, 63

SAIL, 125, 234
Sakthi Sugar, 127
Sam Walton, 61
Satyam Computers, 230, 235
SCI India, 233
Scindia, 97, 228
Scooters India Ltd., 152
Sector Investing, 159, 292
Shareholders, 17, 26, 290, 292
Shipping Corp. of India Ltd., 138, 152
Short Sell, 270
Shree Precoated Steel, 125
Siemens, 96, 230
State Bank of India, 138, 234
State Trading Corp. of India Ltd., 150
Stock, 16, 17
Stock Markets, 94, 115
Stock Options Trading, 220
Stock Returns, 26, 212
Strategy Followers, 291
Sugar, 115, 126
Swaraj Mazda Ltd., 150
Syndicate Bank, 150

UCO Bank, 152
Under Pricing Heuristic, 200
Unilever Group, 96
Union Bank of India, 149, 153
US Dollar, 29
US Subprime Crisis, 29
UTI Bank, 149
Uttam Galva, 125
Valuation Heuristics, 45
Value Investing, 3, 35, 217
Vanguard Funds, 217
Venture Capitalist, 52, 89, 99
Vijaya Bank, 150
Voltas, 228

Tamil Nadu Newsprint & Papers Ltd.,
151
Tata Chemicals, 225, 233
Tarn Group, 96, 290
Tata Nano, 50
Tata Power, 96, 207
Tan Steel, 97, 167
TCS, 200

Warren Buffett, 10, 32, 289
Wartsila, 96
Winner’s Curse, 166, 204
Wipro Ltd., 235
Zee Telefilms, 231, 235
Zenith, 227, 233
ZF Steering, 96

325

Author’s Profile
Parag Parikh, an alumnus of Harvard Business School,
has over 25 years of experience in the financial sector.
In particular, he is a keen observer, proponent and
pioneer in the field of behavioral finance in India.
He provides coaching and consulting services to
investors, businesses and students.
Parag Parikh is the founder and chairman of Parag
Parikh Financial Advisory Services Ltd.(PPFAS) (www.ppfas.com) which
is committed to assisting investors in following the time-tested longterm value investing strategies. PPFAS firmly believes that it is in a
profession rather than a business and hence treats the interests of the
investors to be of paramount importance.
Parag has an insightful knowledge of the workings of the stock market,
an analytical eye and an informed outlook. He is a believer in Alvin
Toffler’s saying: ‘Doing the right thing, rather than doing things right.’
In an industry where the race is to get bigger and better, his firm’s
philosophy is clearly that ‘slow and steady wins the race.’ Parag’s abiding
passion is to make the financial markets a better and a safer place for
investors by helping them direct their focus towards achieving their
investing and financial goals, and not be carried away by the noise of
the markets.
He is a regular columnist with The Times of India, and a guest
columnist with The Economic Times, Business Standard, DNA, Financial

Value Investing and Behavioral Finance

Express, among other business journals. His views on the financial markets
are actively sought by television channels like Times Now, NDTV Profit,
Doordarshan and CNBC.
Parag has also authored a widely acclaimed best seller Stocks to Riches:
Insights on Investor Behaviour (2005), which is currently in its sixth reprint
two years since the first publication.
Parag believes in self-renewal and mental and physical challenges in
that he is an avid reader, swimmer, golfer and practitioner of Vipassana
meditation. He stays in Mumbai with his family, and is fond of travelling,
especially to find inspiration for his books and columns.
He can be reached via his blog on www.ppfas.com and email
pparikh@ppfas.com.

328

